Good morning. This is Dr. Katrina groves.
Doing three history and physicals on Saturday day February 1
First patient is Julian obel, date of birth, three 977
Second patient will be
Christina, but Dora, date of birth, 627 84
And third, patient
Brian collared
Don't have his date of birth, yet.
He'll be at 11 o'clock. Christine will be at 10 hosts Pacific Standard Time. And as I'm new to this.
I apologize for the
Crazy patient
Okay, Brian collared
Data burgers 11 2017
Katrina Groves: And with all of them. I did review that expert and a Sam prior to
These HMP
The meeting ID.
Katrina Groves: Is five to 26493217 and I'm probably just going to pause
I won't turn off this zoom window until all three of them are done, but I may do some pauses.
Katrina Groves: I think it might work best if I start with them medication medications allergies past medical history, things like that. And then I'll get into the HMP
Later.
On put me on pause for now.
Gillian Ovall: On did it sometime last year.
Katrina Groves: The thyroid. Okay. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right, and so the
Katrina Groves: The surgical history, besides the
Katrina Groves: When you were hit by a bat and all that, that you had all those surgeries around 2009. Is that right, yes, yes. And the ankle.
Katrina Groves: And then any other surgeries that I that we missed them to. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: consoles and I'm
Gillian Ovall: No for no, sorry, three says area in sections.
Gillian Ovall: I had my tonsils removed.
Gillian Ovall: I had carpal tunnel surgery on my right wrist.
Gillian Ovall: What else. Oh, I am my gallbladder removed.
Katrina Groves: And what you was at
Gillian Ovall: My gallbladder was 2005
Katrina Groves: Close enough. Okay, and then
Katrina Groves: I have to repeat that allergies because I have them off.
Gillian Ovall: Penicillin
Gillian Ovall: And add that lol
Going right
Gillian Ovall: Yes, none of that.
Katrina Groves: And then your family history. Anything that runs in your family that we need to worry about high blood pressure, diabetes, substance use.
Gillian Ovall: Anything on
Gillian Ovall: Know my, my dad died of cancer. He was very healthy up till then. And my mom, she had
Gillian Ovall: Congenital Heart failure.
Katrina Groves: Okay, congestive heart failure or congenital heart failure.
Gillian Ovall: Kind of similar sounding. Oh.
Gillian Ovall: I mean, she had it from that congested means that and no, sorry. Could yes yes or second
Katrina Groves: Senior High blood pressure. So you may want to make sure you watch for that.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and you're living where now you're living in your own place or where
Gillian Ovall: Is this. Yes. Is this head it's a it's a
Gillian Ovall: No, no, no, and I pay for it with Rob with Zach.
Gillian Ovall: And the program to. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: He works at the mill. Now he's doing really good
Gillian Ovall: Wow that's surprising because he was in the program. These are amazing. Yes, he's doing finance and all he's been working at the mill for about a year, totally clean. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: And so, living with
Katrina Groves: Even when I relapsed
Gillian Ovall: Good. What would, yes.
Katrina Groves: And my son. When was the relapse that you had
Gillian Ovall: How long ago. Remember it was two days, two days before Halloween. I remember cuz I tested on the on Halloween 31st of October, and I told them I was going to be dirty.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Katrina Groves: You are honest and that was last year.
Gillian Ovall: 2019
Katrina Groves: So that wasn't that line team.
Katrina Groves: proper noun. The word January so you're 3 million again.
Gillian Ovall: But you had kind of use it or mentally
Katrina Groves: Before them.
Gillian Ovall: What do you think the longest standing. No, I was
Gillian Ovall: I know I was clean. I was clean and I
Gillian Ovall: Not used in almost I almost had nine months, I have
Gillian Ovall: No drug of choice. Oddly enough,
Gillian Ovall: fading out. Say that again. I just had got my son by I'm sorry I was clean off of heroin for over a year and then the math.
Gillian Ovall: I had just got my son back full
Gillian Ovall: Time I was exhausted, and that's what led to my relapse. Right.
Gillian Ovall: And so you had he was not sleeping at a time. Right.
Katrina Groves: And he wasn't. OK, so the I have you in the program from may like second
Katrina Groves: Something like that.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: So you were you had been clean off heroin already
Gillian Ovall: Before yeah I
Gillian Ovall: Might have been clean of heroin.
Gillian Ovall: I came back into the program because I was having cravings really bad. I was in pain, and I just was thinking about it constantly her when I and I wanted to get on it before I relapsed
Smart really
Gillian Ovall: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then you think your other relapse, just so that we remember is, it's probably because of the Tramadol when you think back, because we wanted to give you something for pain that wasn't a narc
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, we thought trend.
Katrina Groves: Work. But then, what did you start noticing.
Gillian Ovall: My behaviors were becoming crazy. I was taking more than I should have as prescribed as you prescribed to me.
Gillian Ovall: I just started having those old behaviors and
Gillian Ovall: I don't know, I started thinking a lot about math and it just all was bad. It was just
Gillian Ovall: Really
Katrina Groves: And that's just shows me how much coping. How many coping skills you've learned because you were able to say, yeah, this doesn't feel right. I know what this is. And I'm gonna go get help. I mean,
Gillian Ovall: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: To take yourself off the Tramadol so
Gillian Ovall: Thank you. I threw them away I flushed them because
Gillian Ovall: It was just Rob was noticing it. You know, I was becoming just really agitated and short and snappy. And I was isolating myself. Yeah, it was bad. Okay.
And then
Katrina Groves: Please oh pregnancies. How many times have you been pregnant.
Gillian Ovall: By five times here.
Katrina Groves: And how many living children.
Katrina Groves: Three. And then, was there a miscarriage and abortion or
Gillian Ovall: There was both there was one of each miscarriage and abortion. Yes.
Katrina Groves: And what are you using for birth control right now.
Gillian Ovall: I'm nothing I'm old.
Katrina Groves: 42
You're still having period.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah.
Do you have a second
Gillian Ovall: Rob Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And so, I doubt he has a vasectomy. So
Gillian Ovall: Don't be know that
Katrina Groves: We should be using condoms or something.
Gillian Ovall: At 42 it might be kind of dangerous be to get pregnant again because
Katrina Groves: I'm not damn
Katrina Groves: You been on the dangerous.
Katrina Groves: For the baby.
Gillian Ovall: Hang on. He's culture.
Katrina Groves: To that lady right now.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: You thought about other kinds of birth control.
Gillian Ovall: I haven't. I mean, I would use condoms. I really wouldn't like to go on the pill. I don't know.
Gillian Ovall: Are you smoking cigarettes. Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Many packs a day.
Gillian Ovall: I'm about, about one that's never more than one. Okay, I know, I know you know it is
Katrina Groves: only do one addiction at a time so
Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: That's
Katrina Groves: Say of birth control pills would not
Katrina Groves: Be safe for you. Anyway, if you're a smoker. So I think condoms are great if you just use them.
Katrina Groves: Don't be afraid, or ask for the morning after pill. If the condom breaks or if you don't use it or something you know what's going on.
Katrina Groves: But yeah, you could be fertile up till you're in your 50s, so
Gillian Ovall: Oh my gosh.
Gillian Ovall: Would be awful. Yeah, yeah. Now,
Gillian Ovall: So you may want to do condom. Oh, I feel like I'm going into menopause.
Gillian Ovall: For you to have that. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, really bad. Okay. It's awful.
Katrina Groves: Let me get through my list here. I saw. Are you employed right now.
Gillian Ovall: No, I'm on disability.
Katrina Groves: And alcohol.
Gillian Ovall: No, no, not really. Um,
Gillian Ovall: No, I, I had like a drink at New Year and Christmas. That wasn't OK, what a drink.
Katrina Groves: It doesn't lower your inhibitions shows where
Katrina Groves: You want to go.
Gillian Ovall: No, no, no. Not at all.
Katrina Groves: All right.
Katrina Groves: And it's Baby's father in the picture at all or is he basically gone or in prison or dead or
Gillian Ovall: No, no you Nick Goddard. He's in
Gillian Ovall: He's in group.
Gillian Ovall: He's in their soapbox and group. Yes.
Yes.
You guys are working company.
Gillian Ovall: Apparently, yeah, he has some twice. Twice a week. Yes.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And he and your new boyfriend get along. Okay.
Gillian Ovall: Um, they have a history. We all live together, a long time ago, they don't get along. I know.
Katrina Groves: Okay, but we work it out.
Gillian Ovall: We haven't figured out, it's all good.
Katrina Groves: Good. And I forgot to ask, Is your mother still living.
Katrina Groves: Or did she passed.
Gillian Ovall: And she passed away two years ago. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And your father died of cancer, but what kind of cancer.
Gillian Ovall: esophageal cancer.
Gillian Ovall: And and secondary cancer to the liver.
Katrina Groves: And
Gillian Ovall: It was very sudden, it was very strange.
Katrina Groves: Any siblings.
Katrina Groves: sisters, brothers.
Gillian Ovall: I have four brothers four brothers. They're all still living.
Katrina Groves: And any medical problems they have
Gillian Ovall: Um, no.
To be smiling.
Gillian Ovall: My brother's an alcoholic. He wouldn't admit that. But he is okay and my other brothers. No, they don't even take a Tylenol.
Okay.
That's good.
Katrina Groves: And then, have you ever had a
Worries about suicide.
Gillian Ovall: Have you been suicidal.
Katrina Groves: In the
Gillian Ovall: I'm on that elbow. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: Actually, I wanted to
Gillian Ovall: blow my head off.
It was bad.
Katrina Groves: Besides,
Gillian Ovall: What Acadia. It was really bad.
Katrina Groves: Has there been a known when we felt like I'm just this pain is too much and I must go to a good mom and I kind of remember you going down.
Gillian Ovall: That depression path. Yeah, yeah. There was actually
Gillian Ovall: I, I would never do it. I would never go through with it. But certainly the end of my addiction and when I first got clean. I felt like this is just too much, you know,
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, so I definitely
Gillian Ovall: Yes, I would say yes and
Katrina Groves: I have felt that, how are you now though compared to that.
Gillian Ovall: I mean, do you feel, Oh, I'm
Gillian Ovall: I'm great.
Gillian Ovall: You know the pain and not so much the pain but
Gillian Ovall: What it prevents me from doing can get me down sometimes, you know,
Gillian Ovall: I have a lot of guilt about my son and his autism, you know that runs through my head quite a bit.
Gillian Ovall: Other than that, I'm
Gillian Ovall: I know I'm exactly where I need to be and I have a lot of support, so
Good, good.
Katrina Groves: run down some kind of issues from head to toe. And you, it's going to be like
Yes.
Gillian Ovall: Questions like,
Katrina Groves: You have any
Katrina Groves: Numbers or
Girls.
Gillian Ovall: Nice when
Katrina Groves: You're talking about being
Gillian Ovall: Well known nice yet.
Gillian Ovall: I get it in the morning. I gotta happen in the morning, really bad. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And fatigue. You said you had weight.
Katrina Groves: Gain and hair loss. So any fatigue.
Gillian Ovall: That yes a little bit. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That would be good to get here.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: We've been
Katrina Groves: Falling asleep in the daytime, where you just can't keep your eyes open.
Gillian Ovall: No. Okay.
No.
Katrina Groves: peeing a lot like having to pee constantly and feeling really thirsty.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, I do actually get that quite a bit at night, especially it's weird that you said that because, yeah, I do. I've noticed that a lot
Katrina Groves: So you may want to get checked for diabetes might want to take a note and ask your doctor to
Gillian Ovall: For that. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any change in your vision, Jillian like blurry long double vision I pain.
Katrina Groves: I read know your eyes don't look let's
Gillian Ovall: No, let's see. No, no.
Katrina Groves: No blindness.
Katrina Groves: About yours difficulty.
Hearing
Katrina Groves: Are draining.
Gillian Ovall: Your ears. No, no.
Katrina Groves: Any 10 of us like
Gillian Ovall: There's no nothing.
Katrina Groves: And so, nose, throat
Katrina Groves: sores on your lips are your tongues that you get like herpes or cold.
War.
Katrina Groves: Swallowing
Katrina Groves: Nope, dental problems.
Gillian Ovall: Oh, yes.
Gillian Ovall: My teeth are rotting rotting out of my head.
Gillian Ovall: And do you have a dentist. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: How are you moving
Forward now.
Gillian Ovall: Um, I haven't really addressed that I need to. I need to. And I will. It's hard to things on priority match doing so yeah well
Katrina Groves: If you get an abscess that can
Gillian Ovall: Be a day.
Katrina Groves: Where you get seen right away and
Put on animal
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Or less of your voice.
Gillian Ovall: At all.
Gillian Ovall: Nope. Nope.
Katrina Groves: You said no trouble swallowing any nosebleeds or nose drainage.
Gillian Ovall: No, no nothing. No.
Katrina Groves: Moving on to your neck, any kind of pain or stiffness in your neck or
Gillian Ovall: London or bumps and you
Gillian Ovall: Know,
Katrina Groves: Do you have asthma or emphysema from smoking, like a
No.
Katrina Groves: COUGH.
Katrina Groves: We
Gillian Ovall: never caught nothing.
Gillian Ovall: Nothing.
Katrina Groves: Well, good, you have time to quit before it gets
Gillian Ovall: Yeah I know, right. Oh my gosh.
Katrina Groves: You have an inhaler it all to us.
Katrina Groves: Ever had one
Katrina Groves: And heart problems, any chest pain or
Gillian Ovall: Palpitations that
Gillian Ovall: No, no nothing. He
Katrina Groves: Swelling and your legs varicose veins.
Gillian Ovall: I get swelling in my left leg. Yes, quite a bit.
Katrina Groves: One leg, the one that's bad or
Gillian Ovall: Just the one leg just one like yeah
Katrina Groves: And any trouble dermatology wise, um, you said your hair was falling out any change.
Gillian Ovall: In your nails.
Katrina Groves: Or your skin is your skin.
Dry
Gillian Ovall: Or
Gillian Ovall: Oily No. All right.
Katrina Groves: Any new models that are worrisome to you.
Gillian Ovall: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And we're going down to the stomach any trouble with. You said you didn't have constipation and
Gillian Ovall: Diarrhea no
Katrina Groves: No abdominal no
Gillian Ovall: Nausea, vomiting,
Throwing up
Katrina Groves: Blood and your snow.
Gillian Ovall: No, and then
Katrina Groves: You did say you felt like you had to urinate a lot, but is there any
Gillian Ovall: Blood. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: Or any, like, no.
Katrina Groves: burning pain when you pee.
Gillian Ovall: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: The muscles. Here we are at the problem where you're
Gillian Ovall: Going to
Katrina Groves: Do you have a limp. When you walk right
Katrina Groves: Yes, and
Katrina Groves: Is it muscle pain or back pain, or both. I mean,
Gillian Ovall: Can you tell the difference. It's, it's both.
Gillian Ovall: Yes, I can. It's both. It's for sure it's it's nerve pain it's muscle pain. It's even bone pain.
Gillian Ovall: I have a very distinct all three. Yes.
Katrina Groves: Any weakness that you've had. Because of this, you feel like you can't lift your foot up off the floor or you can't walk because of it.
Gillian Ovall: Sometimes, yeah, sometimes I get weakness. And now, especially in my good leg. I get quite a bit a weakness.
Gillian Ovall: Of relying on that one.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: Exactly. Because I'm babying the other one and so
Katrina Groves: Any type of
Gillian Ovall: neurological problems like a
Seizure
Katrina Groves: fuzziness
Katrina Groves: Numbness
Gillian Ovall: Painting no out. No, no.
Katrina Groves: No leg numbness of your leg, I guess.
But
Gillian Ovall: Not missile both legs. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: And the nerve pain. The neuropathy.
Gillian Ovall: And you
Gillian Ovall: Learn. It's in my left hand and I've noticed okay no term headache, but my my left my
Gillian Ovall: Um, I get headaches quite a bit, but I associate that with my my period. Actually, I get really bad headaches right before right after. Okay. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Looking for that any ibuprofen motion.
Gillian Ovall: Yes, ibuprofen.
Gillian Ovall: And I take, I get the Torah doll shop now. Well, once a week okay your medication.
Gillian Ovall: And as I forgot. Yes. Sorry, I have a standing order.
Katrina Groves: 60 milligrams. It looks like.
Katrina Groves: Every week as needed. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: The big one. Okay. And that helps the pain.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, good. Yes.
Oh,
Katrina Groves: Do you have any bipolar where your mood is going up and down.
Gillian Ovall: Actually, I've been pretty, pretty good. I'm not on anything. Oddly enough, um, well, you know, we might. Yeah, I did. You know, the only time that I really. So I would say bipolar hours I get really bad right before my period like I'm really bad.
Gillian Ovall: PMS, where it's like just yes leave me.
Katrina Groves: I wonder if you may.
Want to talk to your
Katrina Groves: primary care doctor
About
Katrina Groves: Getting on maybe
Gillian Ovall: You know, and you don't have to, but
There's lots
Katrina Groves: Of private help your PMS from being so bad. And that might be another thing you want to talk with them about so I have to make a list here, you're talking to your primary care provider about your thyroid
Gillian Ovall: About thyroid diabetes. Diabetes.
Katrina Groves: Diabetes and
Gillian Ovall: Here's hereon
Gillian Ovall: On it is it is
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, like even low dose.
Katrina Groves: Prozac, it's, it's pretty
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, because it's pretty bad, actually. I
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, I didn't even think about it talkers my head, it got worse. Crazy.
Katrina Groves: All right. And do you have sadness to the point that or interferes with your
Gillian Ovall: Function.
Katrina Groves: The sadness and
Katrina Groves: Better
Gillian Ovall: No, I'm better. Yeah, I'm so busy. Now, I don't believe
Katrina Groves: So no delusions or
Katrina Groves: Hallucinations or
White
Katrina Groves: How about know
Katrina Groves: How's your sleep.
Gillian Ovall: Um, it's good, it's good, actually. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: I'm doing good.
Gillian Ovall: Any blue
Katrina Groves: Or anemia.
Gillian Ovall: Nope.
Alright.
Katrina Groves: Getting closer to the end. Okay. Um, did they tell you to go get lab work done as well. Bright heart.
Katrina Groves: That they
Gillian Ovall: Need to go. Yes.
Katrina Groves: And where is that sp.
Gillian Ovall: They told me to go to Open door.
Gillian Ovall: Okay, that would be there. So I'm going to do that on Tuesday when I do my group.
Gillian Ovall: And my you I I'll go, I'll go to my laxton
Katrina Groves: And group with me you were going to do tomorrow Monday. Right.
Gillian Ovall: Monday.
Katrina Groves: Yes, is the part of me looking at my schedule.
Katrina Groves: The third right
Gillian Ovall: Right. Yes. So,
Katrina Groves: Then now I'm just going to go to a
Katrina Groves: History of what's not at this
Katrina Groves: Point before. I don't know if you
Katrina Groves: Your son is going to be in the room to hear about this.
Gillian Ovall: Stuff, I assume.
When yes
Katrina Groves: When did you first start using drugs, at what age.
Gillian Ovall: Oh my gosh, what age, how old was I 2025
Katrina Groves: So you were not one of these people as a kid you experimented with marijuana pain and
Be
Gillian Ovall: Known
Katrina Groves: So it all, nothing.
Katrina Groves: It all started after the domestic violence.
Thing.
Gillian Ovall: No. It actually started after I got my wisdom teeth taken out. Oh, that's when it really I yeah I have my wisdom teeth are amazing and I noticed that I got a little bit addicted to the medicine, they've given me. Mm hmm.
Gillian Ovall: That only it only lasted a couple of months because then I got pregnant with my son, my other son.
Gillian Ovall: But the actual
Gillian Ovall: And then it didn't start up again. I didn't get anything until after I got beaten up in 2009 I was on methadone.
Gillian Ovall: And they gave me the script.
Gillian Ovall: I was taking it.
Gillian Ovall: Yes, for chronic pain to give me methadone and Zenit
Katrina Groves: Together. Those were the days.
Katrina Groves: Back and we think, why did we do that to people.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah, she had me on 140 milligrams of methadone, the day
Gillian Ovall: And
Gillian Ovall: Choose Xanax bars.
Gillian Ovall: As needed
Gillian Ovall: Twice a day. I think it was. Anyway, I, I am didn't abuse, any of those until I met Nick and then I I he started taking them from me. And so then we were having to buy more. So I could have my prescribed
Gillian Ovall: By but 2017 is when we moved to Crescent City and I stopped getting my prescription, because I can travel back and forth to Vancouver Washington to get it right. I didn't know we were moving here. That was a shock to me. So when I got here. I tried for two months to come off of it.
Gillian Ovall: Wow.
Gillian Ovall: And I was still hurting as bad on day at is, I wasn't a one. I mean, it was ridiculous. I started doing heroin and meth to come to keep me awake, you know,
Gillian Ovall: And that's, that's really only had honestly
Gillian Ovall: You know, what's that 17 1819 two years of St. John's honestly
Gillian Ovall: Other than fine method. History
Gillian Ovall: I mean, you know,
Gillian Ovall: My history has never had math or heroin in it. In the past I
Gillian Ovall: Barely drink as a teenager, you know, I grew up in Scotland, and I had a great life I was a flight attendant, you know, I
Katrina Groves: Wonder that
Gillian Ovall: was amazing.
Katrina Groves: You think your parents were good good parents are you
Gillian Ovall: I'm my, my dad abused me in so for years.
Gillian Ovall: And
Gillian Ovall: You know, I moved out real, are you really young.
Gillian Ovall: And got away from that and
Gillian Ovall: And yeah, I had a great I mean I had, I had a great life, though I had a great relationship with my dad, despite the fact that he did that. Interesting. Yeah.
Have you
Gillian Ovall: I did when I when I found out he was dying. He came over here and then
Gillian Ovall: He went to the hospital here because I noticed he was very thin, and he was diagnosed. Here he flew home.
Gillian Ovall: And august you flew home August. First I flew over to Scotland august 10 he died to 16th. So it was a really quick. Diagnosis really yeah he died very quickly and I forgave him. Yes. Yes, me and I did.
Gillian Ovall: And I'm okay with that and
Gillian Ovall: It's weird. I know people are like, what, but
Gillian Ovall: I didn't know any better at the time. So, you know,
Gillian Ovall: And I got into social work, you know, I was working as a social worker in Washington, you know, so I
Gillian Ovall: I think
Gillian Ovall: A process it and get over it. Because what can I do, what else can I do
Katrina Groves: So what are your long, what are your goals. Julian like your short term and long term goals right now for your life.
Gillian Ovall: I actually would love to get to a place where I can do some volunteer work or, you know, get back into some sort of social work or get back somehow for the damage that I created.
Gillian Ovall: And get my son to a point where you know he's able to do things and be happy. But I want to really
Gillian Ovall: learn everything about autism and work very closely with my son and
Gillian Ovall: I want to reconnect with my other kids I have with my daughter, she's talking to me again where
Gillian Ovall: We live and how all this Seattle, Washington. She's 20. Wow.
Gillian Ovall: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: To reconnect with her because she probably has a lot of I mean she was
Gillian Ovall: Involved. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How about time that you're in trouble.
Yes.
Gillian Ovall: Yes.
Gillian Ovall: And you know, when I came to Crescent City. I was only supposed to be coming for a week. I didn't know that Nick had lost everything. So my kids went to their dads thinking, they'll see me in a week.
Gillian Ovall: Wow. Don't wanna I didn't go back. I never went that they couldn't come here.
Gillian Ovall: Because their dad wouldn't let them. Yeah, so they feel like I left them behind. Yeah.
Gillian Ovall: And so what is your daughter St.
Mary
Gillian Ovall: She forgives me she understands she's she knows that.
Gillian Ovall: That
Gillian Ovall: You know, I was in trouble. I was hurting. I did it. This is not what I wanted. This was not what I wanted. And I love her and I
Gillian Ovall: So she's working through all that my son. He does not talk to me.
Gillian Ovall: But
Gillian Ovall: He just turned 17
Katrina Groves: So he's going to be a few more years because he was younger.
Gillian Ovall: To forgive you and he was my, my. He was my little shadow like it was my everything. Wow.
Gillian Ovall: Very close. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, I think that I
Gillian Ovall: I hope to reconnect with them.
Katrina Groves: Good show and we see it happen all the time when people stay on the path of recovery, we see that happen families. We can help.
Gillian Ovall: Kids we connect. So I think that's good.
Gillian Ovall: And do you
Katrina Groves: Feel like you're taking the Suboxone is helping as far as keeping cravings away and making you feel more normal
Gillian Ovall: Is this absolutely yeah
Gillian Ovall: I
Gillian Ovall: I know because I
Gillian Ovall: I just got on it. Not too long ago and I remember still those cravings and they were
Gillian Ovall: On undeniable. I mean, they were horrifying.
Katrina Groves: And now the occasional cravings, because
Gillian Ovall: I get occasional cravings, because I'm in pain, and it's not necessarily for heroin. It's for anything to take away the pain.
Gillian Ovall: And I had a huge tablet. So, you know, it scares me that ever if I ever, Dr. Watson, those will come back. I mean, I showed up of my neck every three hours like almost a gram of heroin that time. I mean, I was doing insane amounts. Right.
Gillian Ovall: More than MC
Katrina Groves: Work on topical things work on, you know, oils and
Gillian Ovall: Bio vs and
Katrina Groves: Heat and
Katrina Groves: Acupuncture and chiropractic and you know those things do work. Do you have a pain management doctor, then that you're working with, or
Katrina Groves: That's the one that they're going to refer you to a neurosurgeon.
Gillian Ovall: Is that when he is
Gillian Ovall: Over yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: Why is my battery low. Oh, I gotta plug in my machine.
Katrina Groves: Better
Katrina Groves: All right.
Katrina Groves: Anything else that you wanted to
Katrina Groves: Me about briefly or anything. I might have forgotten in your history.
Gillian Ovall: No, yeah, I'm just pretty
Katrina Groves: Pretty proud of you. Oh, man. All these pop up.
Gillian Ovall: Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Looking forward to working with you in the group's the lady who does
Katrina Groves: Right. So if you can try to get online around 530
Katrina Groves: And they'll have okay seven a questionnaire for you.
Gillian Ovall: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And there will be several other people in the group.
Katrina Groves: And
Gillian Ovall: I'll check and make sure your script was done. Let's see. Yep. I think she called it in on
Katrina Groves: The six, though, that can't be right.
Gillian Ovall: Oh,
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so check with the pharmacy. If you don't, if it's not there tomorrow. We've got the Tony or dairy or someone
Gillian Ovall: OK, I will for sure. Thank you for
Katrina Groves: Having the time with me.
Gillian Ovall: And no, thank you.
Gillian Ovall: Alright, so I will see you Monday.
Katrina Groves: Yep, it'll be the same. Like they'll tell you 530 and go to the virtual group room, I think.
Gillian Ovall: And then will
Katrina Groves: Direct you here, and I'll just add people. There's four maybe for people
Katrina Groves: That you probably already know from
Katrina Groves: Group.
Gillian Ovall: So it won't be debt free
Katrina Groves: And you know how to me. Do you know how to mute if it gets loud.
Gillian Ovall: There's a little
Katrina Groves: If your son might have to mute yourself.
Gillian Ovall: Or go out. Yeah. Or, yes.
Or
Gillian Ovall: Yes. Yeah, I will. I'll find somewhere. I know I
Gillian Ovall: Rob goes into it because he does it to. So he goes and sits on
Gillian Ovall: My friend Mark who staying here he does this, too. So we're all like, Yeah, I've been watching how they do it.
Katrina Groves: And for rob you know it's it's nothing. Just so he knows it's not anything personal. It's just that.
Katrina Groves: I want a grandfather and
Katrina Groves: All the people that I already see what the clinic and he has not left and so
Katrina Groves: I just like, no, I asked. I have to take care of the people I got right in front of me now.
Gillian Ovall: Yes.
Katrina Groves: And then later I can open up to new
Gillian Ovall: Patients, but ya know he totally, totally interested and that's good because then you know we're on their own thing, you know.
Gillian Ovall: And you should not be
Katrina Groves: In the same group anyway.
Gillian Ovall: So, no, no, no.
Gillian Ovall: Counselor. No, I agree.
Katrina Groves: So you go ahead and log off and
Gillian Ovall: I got an okay so
Gillian Ovall: All right, thank you so much.
Gillian Ovall: Welcome
Gillian Ovall: Have a good. Thank you, you too. I
Okay, I'm still on here.
Katrina Groves: Jillian's gone. I think I forgot to push the record button when she started so
Katrina Groves: She talked about how
Katrina Groves: She came into the program on May 2 2019 and she'd been off heroin, about a year, at that point, but was having a lot of cravings and pain and realize that she had to get back into
Katrina Groves: recovery program before she relapsed on to heroin and meth. Again, as you heard, she has a five year old autistic boy.
Katrina Groves: Her pain problems began back in 2009 when she had a domestic violence relationship.
Katrina Groves: Gentlemen kidnapped her with the bat.
Katrina Groves: Hit with a baseball bat and causing BROKEN ANKLE broken hip back
Katrina Groves: Her hip had to be replaced. And she was in a wheelchair for a year and a half.
Katrina Groves: Learning to walk again. I don't remember which hip. It was
Katrina Groves: The left ankle was fused after the fracture. But then in when she was in prison. She jumped off the top bunk bed and re injured it and it still is not doing well. She also has lumbar
Katrina Groves: I hope you got her medications. She's currently taking
Katrina Groves: Suboxone films eight slash two milligrams for a day, and that's high dose due to her pain she takes 800 milligrams of Gabba Penton two pills twice daily for neuropathic pain which helps
Katrina Groves: Occasionally. She takes after X 25 milligrams, which is hydroxyl seen at night for sleep. She has allergies, as we said to
Katrina Groves: Penicillin and sofa, but also amitriptyline caused her to feel much worse and actually even suicidal at times.
Katrina Groves: Her jumping back to her back problems limbo sacred ridiculous apathy do ask your threats of the spine and the ICD 10 code is M as in Mary four 7.27 Post Traumatic arthritis of the left ankle M one 9.172 history of ankle fusion Z 98.1 foot drop on the left and
Katrina Groves: Lumbar ridiculous at the M 54.16 and of course other diagnosis first diagnosis for today would be a pure dependence in remission after 11.21
Katrina Groves: She is at the beginning under cc of course she is here for an H and P intake for substance use and she's been a long term clinic patient of mine at the documentary health center. So she's already established with me. She's just need a bright heart.
Katrina Groves: Cures report was reviewed and appropriate
Katrina Groves: We've got the API about her substance use age of use in her 20s.
Katrina Groves: So psych impression
Katrina Groves: For suicide risk is below.
Katrina Groves: Level of stress is moderate because of the amount of work she's doing with herself, her pain her son.
Katrina Groves: She does have a good living situation. She's alert and oriented times three. Her function is good. She's able to do all activities of daily living independently.
Katrina Groves: She has cognitively normal concentration and attention. There's no evidence of any memory loss, either short or long term.
Katrina Groves: Motor exam. There was no tremor, or fidgeting.
Mood was
Katrina Groves: Normal somewhat anxious, perhaps so much historic at times.
Katrina Groves: But the range during the session was normal and consistent
Katrina Groves: She had full expression of feelings period. She was well groomed and appeared stated age speech rate volume and coherence were normal thought processes will linear and logical with normal content. No audio or visual hallucinations, we discussed
Katrina Groves: Good insight and self reflection.
Katrina Groves: Denies suicidal ideation. I already mentioned that
Katrina Groves: We got her social history did hurry assistance.
Katrina Groves: On her exam. She's in general casually dressed normal appearance co-operative good eye contact. No signs of jaundice, and
Katrina Groves: At AMP T exam, a traumatic normal so phallic peoples are neither dilated nor pinch. She had normal hearing respiration. No audible wheezing shortness of breath with normal rate and volume skin with that jaundice, no signs of any track marks.
Katrina Groves: Moves all extremities. Well, except for the left lower extremity, which is
Katrina Groves: Painful and she has a limp.
Katrina Groves: neurologically non focal grossly so assessment as the F 11.21 plus all the other diagnosis. I gave you
Katrina Groves: The plan is for her to join group on Monday, February 3
Katrina Groves: She is to get labs done outdoor not community health center and she's to talk with her primary care doctor about thyroid
Katrina Groves: Testing, as well as
Katrina Groves: Diabetes testing.
Katrina Groves: And work on premenstrual syndrome, which is difficult for her.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Katrina Groves: I am now going to pause it. Until my next patient is do here in a few minutes.
Katrina Groves: Okay, here's Christina, the date of birth 627 84 started with DOMA community health center Suboxone program on 924 2017 which was the second time actually.
Katrina Groves: And she's been clean since then. So I will put you in with her.
Katrina Groves: Hi.
Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Morning.
Katrina Groves: There you are.
Christina Badura: Hi, I'm sorry, I missed Monday.
Katrina Groves: Oh, what happened.
Christina Badura: Um, I didn't have anything buddy to watch Brooklyn Jake didn't get home, till six. There's no way I could do it with her, you know, right next to me.
Christina Badura: Know that's
Katrina Groves: Fine. So, um, are you going to reschedule for another Monday like
Christina Badura: I did already
Christina Badura: Which Monday this Monday coming
Katrina Groves: Okay, and how are you on your medication. First of all,
Katrina Groves: Did GOOD. DID WHEN ARE YOU DO TO GET refilled again.
Christina Badura: I don't think for a few weeks. I think it's like okay well I want to
Katrina Groves: I want to try to plan it so that when you do a group on Monday, then that's when you'll get your meds. Eventually, but it'll be crazy for a few months.
Christina Badura: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: All right, my dear. So thank you for being here on a Saturday.
Christina Badura: I know what the heck you're working on a Saturday.
Katrina Groves: Why I gotta do my history and physicals I gotta get in
Christina Badura: Touch
Katrina Groves: So tell me when I know a lot of this, but this is going to be like transcribed as part of your history. So feel free to kind of let us. Let's talk about what got you here, and I know it's pretty intense. This is your second time around. But in the program so
Katrina Groves: Tell me.
Katrina Groves: How It all started when I lost my kids.
Christina Badura: I was just doing and like for fun, you know,
Christina Badura: And then I got addicted to them and realize I was addicted to them. So I gave my my my kids.
Christina Badura: And then lost everything. So I finally had to quit.
Katrina Groves: And then you started. Hang on. I have lots of stuff I gotta go through here.
Katrina Groves: Okay, your drugs of choice, you began at what age with what did you start with marijuana, did you start with part
Christina Badura: I started with. I tried met somebody begged me beg me in high school.
Christina Badura: Crazy. I wouldn't do it for a long time. They wouldn't leave me alone.
Christina Badura: So I finally tried it. I think I was 15 or 16 it was young I was good. Yeah. Wow, only done a couple times and then I stopped, and then I'd gotten pregnant with the first kid.
Christina Badura: And I hadn't done it. And then I had another kid, you know, had the two kids and hadn't done it for years. And then when I was like 23 my kids. His dad, he put it in my coffee and didn't tell me he didn't live with me. He came over maybe cup coffee.
Christina Badura: And I was like, did you put something in my coffee. I felt energized, you know and and then from there on out. I kept doing it. And then I started taking pills.
When did you start the pills.
Christina Badura: Probably around six months later, probably. Same year 23 okay
Katrina Groves: And then to the pills become more like your drug of choice them.
Christina Badura: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: And then What problems did that lead to obviously
Christina Badura: I was sick all the time.
Christina Badura: I didn't feel good. I didn't want to do anything.
Christina Badura: You know, I had made my kids stay inside or I let him go outside and it wouldn't go outside with them. I always want to be in my house.
Christina Badura: And then I remember, I just didn't feel good all the time. So I finally let my mom take my kids, but I didn't know it was going to lead to that, you know, not getting them back.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so, and she ended up just like, Okay, I'll help you. And then pretty soon you kind of went off on your own and and and. Did she just say no I'm keeping him. Did you
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Or it or you tried to get him back. And she said, no, basically.
Christina Badura: I tried to go visit him and stuff. And she said, No, you're not coming over. So she must have new we never talked about it. But she knew
Katrina Groves: And now your mom passed, gosh, how long ago did your mom pass
Christina Badura: And while
Katrina Groves: And at that point.
Katrina Groves: Where the kids, then went to your brother.
Christina Badura: Right, yeah. Eric
Christina Badura: Was a policeman or Yeah, which is a share.
Christina Badura: Correct, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then he's been amazing kind of guide to watch for your kids, except he didn't want to let you see them either.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Until when then
Christina Badura: I got pregnant.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right. And that was last year.
Katrina Groves: Last year, or two years ago.
Christina Badura: Two years ago. Wow.
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And so then he started saying it's okay to come around and see your kids.
Christina Badura: Yeah, he'd make like every three months. He'd say, the kids want to see you. I'd wait for him to call you know
Christina Badura: And then my daughter. Sorry, I have like anxiety. I don't know if it's because I've never done.
Christina Badura: I feel like you're damn keep taking deep breaths.
Katrina Groves: It's just you and me, nobody else's here.
Katrina Groves: In my house.
Katrina Groves: I'm in my PJs underneath this
Katrina Groves: It's anxiety provoking to talk about it but it kind of helps go through the past and realize how far you come
Christina Badura: Yeah and now my daughter lives with me.
Katrina Groves: That's pretty amazing. And she's how old now.
Christina Badura: She's 17 it's not very amazing anymore.
Katrina Groves: Yeah 17 is a hard a
Christina Badura: Hard, hard
Katrina Groves: Are they right around there where you feel like you can't talk.
Christina Badura: Yeah, I can't talk to her. Nothing ever matters, you know, show it says it doesn't matter, nothing matters. And then I annoy her so I don't even talk to her.
Christina Badura: It's been getting really bad. I feel like I don't even want to hear. I mean, it's really bad. She's really disrespectful.
Christina Badura: She's at work right now. She just went to work. So she's got a job that's a good thing. Yeah, that's a good thing. I mean, of course, I want to hear, you know, but I just wanted
Christina Badura: To be happy. She's never happy. I could tell she doesn't want to be here. She's just here because she doesn't want to be there.
Katrina Groves: Right. She's having a hard time is she getting any counseling, you know, and
Christina Badura: You know she's it
Katrina Groves: It may be helpful to try to have somebody else.
Katrina Groves: I know I'm freezing on your screen. But can you still hear me.
Christina Badura: Oh, you can tell. Yeah, yeah, I just still hear you.
Katrina Groves: I don't know. It's our connection but it's good. Maybe to have her come in and talk
Katrina Groves: identify with that age, and she may be starting to get into drugs, God forbid, so
Christina Badura: I know I worried about her smoking weed.
Christina Badura: We can
Christina Badura: Be found him yeah some marijuana paraphernalia in the garbage. We didn't tell anybody right Jenna found it.
Katrina Groves: I think it might be a good time to really, you know, set up a plan where you can sit down and just talk with her. Hey, you know,
Katrina Groves: She doesn't have to go to work. Soon, or are you guys don't have anything to do just a family day like on a Sunday or something and say hey you know just concerned about you and
Katrina Groves: And I'm sure she has a lot of anger and grief and feelings like you abandoned her, but still. You're here now and you're her mom and you love her.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Want to make sure that she doesn't go on that same path. So getting help for her to talk to somebody and for you to learn to help to talk to her. This
Is hard
Katrina Groves: you dreamed about though, you're like, I want to see my kids.
Christina Badura: For so long. Like it's crazy that it's came to this. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And now you're pregnant again.
Christina Badura: Yes, and
Your do
Katrina Groves: August
Christina Badura: August 11. I can't believe you remember that I think it must be my internet connection because I'm way across the House.
Christina Badura: In the Wi Fi is on the other side of the house.
Katrina Groves: Is there any way you can go over there. Is that going to be not private
Christina Badura: There's a whole bunch of people that can babysit.
Christina Badura: I try to go closer to the door, sit on the ground,
Katrina Groves: It's pretty good. As long as if you can hear me. And we just can't see each other as well.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so are you. Do you feel comfortable on your current Suboxone those. What are you taking
Christina Badura: You. I've been
Christina Badura: Running right yeah I haven't taken two and a half.
Katrina Groves: So 1617 to 20 milligrams. Okay. And how do you feel with that. No cramping know badge, you know, bleeding. No.
Christina Badura: No, not the
Christina Badura: Withdrawals know I feel fine. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And how long you been doing the 20th
Probably
Christina Badura: almost a month. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And so, yeah, it's only January so we can kind of go slower as fast as you want to.
Katrina Groves: Do you feel like you're you want to stay on that a little while longer, or try to go down to
Katrina Groves: 16 or where do you feel like you want to be.
Christina Badura: I think maybe a couple weeks. I don't know.
Christina Badura: I know by
Christina Badura: Three months, a couple days will be a full three months.
Christina Badura: Mm hmm. So
Christina Badura: I think maybe in a few weeks, cut down to maybe two. I want to at least be down to one, three months before I have to baby. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And that's a good role and I know last time you went down to four milligrams and
Katrina Groves: That was
Christina Badura: It.
Katrina Groves: For you. Right. It was really
Christina Badura: Really our
Katrina Groves: Baby came out perfect. Like, no problems. So, you know, maybe eight maybe six. We don't have to push you to four or maybe four would be easier this time because you've been through it and you know what to expect. So
Christina Badura: Yeah, I think clean longer this time last time I wasn't clean, very long.
Katrina Groves: Exactly. And you did amazing you had a lot of support.
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And so how is your
Husband.
Katrina Groves: How's your husband, Jake. Is he supportive still is he working
Christina Badura: Yeah, he's working. He works all the time.
Katrina Groves: Wow, so you don't see him a lot.
Christina Badura: Just in the afternoons and on the weekend.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you know he's staying clean and sober.
Christina Badura: Oh yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: All right. Hang on. Here I got my list of stuff. We got to go through. Okay, so back to some nuts and bolts. Do you have any other medical issues.
Katrina Groves: Other diagnoses like high blood pressure, thyroid diabetes any other medical stuff that you have
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And your medication you take, are you still are you taking Prozac still
Christina Badura: You just froze. I'm trying to stop taking that too. I'm down to 10 milligrams and I've been taking it like every other day. And yesterday, I finally skip two days.
Christina Badura: I don't know if I can go down to five milligrams, because I feel like I really need it. Like, I tried to stop taking it, but I'm really emotional everything that's going on, you know, I know it's not good for the baby.
Katrina Groves: Actually Prozac is one of the ones that the safest for pregnancy, the safest and you do not have to go off of it.
Christina Badura: Really, it won't mess the baby up at all.
Katrina Groves: Talk to the OB GYN yet. Or when is your OB appointment.
Christina Badura: It's on the fourth I already went, but they didn't say anything about the medicine. They didn't say anything about the Suboxone this time.
Katrina Groves: That's good. They're getting used to it.
Katrina Groves: We've had
Better pregnant.
Katrina Groves: But when you see your OB doctor, you say, Hey, I'm telling me how you're feeling because what we don't want your baby feels those emotions, too. So if you go really down on the Prozac and you're feeling anxious and depressed and
Katrina Groves: Maybe even suicidal or maybe craving drugs that's going to be way worse for the baby, it's better to stay on it you know there are you could not be on a seizure medics and those would cause birth defects.
Christina Badura: You know, there's certain older, you can't be on
Christina Badura: But with
Katrina Groves: Prozac. We've had enough experience with pregnancy stay on the 10 milligrams every day. You know, it's fine.
Christina Badura: Early okay
Katrina Groves: Because it's it keeps you in a better state of mind and you're the
Best yeah
Christina Badura: It's been hard without it.
Katrina Groves: Okay, don't try to do that to yourself, I would work on the Suboxone more because that can give them more you know withdrawals that we don't want at birth, and the baby won't go with Charles on Prozac, because it just kind of eases out of your system. It's really long lasting.
Christina Badura: At that
Katrina Groves: Okay, so other meds, you don't have any
Katrina Groves: Any illnesses that you had in the past like gosh chicken pox or measles or you mean all that stuff.
Christina Badura: I don't know if I'm immune. I'm not sure if I ever had it. I don't think I have
Katrina Groves: To do you still have reflex like heartburn.
Christina Badura: No, not really tiny bit once in a while, not really, though. Okay, and
Christina Badura: You used to take. Oh, you have headaches. Do you still have headaches. Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: And how about insomnia still a problem.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And anxiety.
Katrina Groves: And back pain. That was an old thing is that better.
Christina Badura: It's better. I think that was from using, you know, in the beginning.
Christina Badura: It hurts. Once a while but it's normal. I think for everybody to have little back pain.
Exactly.
Christina Badura: The same deal with it then.
Katrina Groves: There you go. And in post traumatic stress. I know you've had trauma in the past where you were abused or had domestic violence issues.
Christina Badura: I do find with that.
Katrina Groves: You're doing okay now that you've got a
Katrina Groves: Stable partner now.
Katrina Groves: What I said now that you're having a stable partner and the
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: PTSD isn't so bad.
Katrina Groves: Any injuries. You've had Christina where you cut your wrist or hands or
Katrina Groves: Know any suicidal thoughts or risks in the past.
Or currently
Christina Badura: I don't think so. The one time I was on Chantix I remember I was getting weird thoughts member I told about it.
Katrina Groves: Right, okay, we may want to put that on one of your allergy.
Christina Badura: I've been wanting to take it again though.
Christina Badura: You do, yeah. Because I've been thinking about it, you know, that was the time that I had been using. And I just came back to group. I was
Christina Badura: Trying not to use. I was taking anxiety medicine. I was all messed up. That's when I ended up going to the mental behavioral health place that's some thinking that was probably a big part of what I was going through
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I may not have been the Chantix at all. And that's what people are finding out that it's not so much the medication. It's the fact that when you stop smoking. Everything gets worse your anxiety here.
Katrina Groves: You know, it's like away. That's my it's an addiction. Yeah, yeah. So maybe you're still smoking.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Oh dear.
Christina Badura: I know
Katrina Groves: How much do you think
Christina Badura: Like five cigarettes a day.
Katrina Groves: Okay, try to smoke one puff and put them out or, you know, however, you can't cold turkey is fine, but that's really hard on the be I'd say that's worse than the Prozac or
Christina Badura: Really, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, because it definitely can cause fetal brain changes and the nicotine is just not good for them so
Christina Badura: If there's anyone
Katrina Groves: I know just stop. You know, I'd rather you go back up on the Prozac and quit the cigarettes. It'd be better for you.
Katrina Groves: Really yeah and you can talk to your OB doctor maybe about patches.
Katrina Groves: It's better to have the nicotine in your system rather than smoking all the chemicals and raping isn't better
Christina Badura: Okay.
Katrina Groves: So she might want to put you on patches or GM or something.
Katrina Groves: Alcohol any cravings any alcohol use it all.
Know,
Katrina Groves: And are you you're not working right now. Right.
Christina Badura: No, but
Katrina Groves: You were working as a CNA you got your tongue.
Katrina Groves: Out a bit how you did that, when you were in recovery.
Christina Badura: I love that. And I want to do it again.
Katrina Groves: You love working with old people, or just anybody
Christina Badura: I like working with old people. I like this, helping people.
Christina Badura: And it was a lot of fun.
Katrina Groves: I saw a picture of you and you're
Christina Badura: Still have that picture you gave
Katrina Groves: That's a good one. So do you have any goals. I mean, long term goals after the baby. What, what kind of thoughts do you have yourself, did they go
Christina Badura: On
Christina Badura: I don't know if I have to do college but Penny was saying that probably good to take couple college classes because I want to go work at the prison in like the office stuff that's what she did.
Katrina Groves: Uh huh. And who's penny.
Christina Badura: That's Jake's mom.
Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
Katrina Groves: That would be a good goal.
Maybe, yeah.
Christina Badura: Yeah, and benefits. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And I know you've had a lot of self esteem issues in the past, not thinking that you could do it just not thinking, you can do it and
Katrina Groves: I feel like the more you do the hopefully the better you're going to realize, no, I can do this. You know how much stuff you've done getting yourself clean twice over, you know,
Katrina Groves: Yeah, having babies.
Getting
Christina Badura: Done.
Christina Badura: I. You do, yeah.
Christina Badura: I'm done. JAKE DOESN'T WANT ME TO GET FIXED. But I'm really thinking hard about it. I don't want to watch it. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And any hospitalizations besides on the Jeff C sections for your births or
Christina Badura: No, because they were all natural. I was hospitalized once for I got Murcia, or something done on my butt cheek. They had to do a surgery. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And yeah, you had the IUD before
Christina Badura: You have yeah I had it for years. I think a few years.
Katrina Groves: So it might be good. Just put that back in again. That way it's not permanent. And, you know, in case you decide you want to have another one. You're only what
Katrina Groves: I wouldn't keep a copy
Katrina Groves: Of it.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And let's see surgeries. You didn't have any oh you had an abnormal Pap that time. Don't forget dysplasia. Are you have you told when you see your OB have to make sure to tell them that you have that abnormal Pap
Christina Badura: I put that on my paperwork and I think he knows that because it's on the paperwork from last time, you know, they did one of the, what do they call it. What do you that surgery you do colposcopy and it was fine like it always is.
Christina Badura: Good. And so this doctor said that I don't. I didn't even have to have a pap this time for the OB. He said, I don't have to have a Colposcopy or a pap until after this baby's born sounds good, which is surprising.
Katrina Groves: It's just that. Yeah, they're not going to do anything about treating it unless until after the baby's born, so also the cigarettes. Remember one cigarette you
Katrina Groves: Know, you know, where does that go
Christina Badura: Down there.
Christina Badura: God
Katrina Groves: Will never expose that yeah
Christina Badura: And oh my gosh
Katrina Groves: So that's your main focus. I think right now would be like after we're done. You're going to go have a cigarette. I just know it.
Katrina Groves: But it will really help your, your cervix fight that HPV. That's why that virus is coming back and you know I can turn to cancer. We don't want that.
No.
Katrina Groves: Alright so past surgical history family history. Your mother's deceased, your father. What do you know about him.
Katrina Groves: What do you know about your dad.
Christina Badura: He's healthy, everything's fine with him.
Katrina Groves: Is he he's healthy really
Christina Badura: Yeah, he got hep C using years ago. And then he got some kind of he was getting sick because it was drinking. He was an alcoholic for a long time.
Katrina Groves: Got it.
Christina Badura: So we quit drinking and then he had the
Christina Badura: The shots or something and then it's fine. Now he's everything's fine. You talk to him as he local he lives in humble but I talked to him. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Has he seen as grand
Christina Badura: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: Is that okay situation between you and your dad.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And any brothers and sisters, how are they do you have brothers or sisters
Christina Badura: I have a sister. She's healthy and where is she right now right now she's in town. She works on the AM or the ambulance.
Christina Badura: And she lives in humble, but she comes here on the weekends. Give her seer. Yeah, I see her every weekend. She brings her daughter here.
Katrina Groves: So that she here now is that who's there.
Christina Badura: MY NIECE'S yeah
Katrina Groves: That's great. Do you feel good about these connections are getting with the family.
Christina Badura: feel fine. I really don't want to watch my nice though. True.
Christina Badura: There's wipes right there. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: All right, what else, um, then I have some basic stuff. I just kind of go, oh, so how many pregnancies all together. You've had
Christina Badura: How many are
Katrina Groves: You pregnant for But didn't you have discourages or abortions or and I
Christina Badura: Think I remember one miscarriage. But it was so long ago. I think I had a miscarriage. I remember going to the hospital and stuff it was in between the first two
Katrina Groves: Okay, so five pregnancies.
Katrina Groves: Actually six pregnancies are you counting the fourth one in the oven.
Christina Badura: Yeah, fourth ones. Oh, yeah. Okay.
Christina Badura: So five, I guess.
Katrina Groves: All right, and then starting just head down. Do you have any trouble with
Katrina Groves: Fevers or chills or night sweats right now.
Christina Badura: No.
Katrina Groves: Any cold intolerance or heat intolerance no fatigue. Could we
Katrina Groves: Are you
Christina Badura: I don't know, it's normal tired.
Christina Badura: Oh, I'm pregnant. Sometimes
Katrina Groves: I don't have a problem with it. Yeah, any weight loss, are you losing weight.
Christina Badura: No, not anymore.
Katrina Groves: Your Appetite okay no more nausea.
Christina Badura: Know I'm very nauseous. I'm on medicine, though.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you're not okay which medicine. Do you take for nausea right now.
Christina Badura: They gave me Eunice on. Oh yeah, I want to say something to you, um, since I haven't talked to the OB. You know, they gave me unison. The sleeping medicine.
Christina Badura: And it says to you, I know, but I'm used to it now. So it doesn't make me too tired. This is to take one daily or as needed for nausea, but I'm so sick of puking all day long.
Christina Badura: I'm taking two I'll take one in the morning when I wake up and then I take a half one in the afternoon and a half, one in the evening. Okay. You think that's safe.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm not so sure about that because you know some is over the counter sleeping medication. Are you sure it's not medicalising or zone or promethazine
Christina Badura: Think they call it something that's
Christina Badura: Pirate doc saying
Katrina Groves: Oh paradox.
Christina Badura: Oh wait, no, that's the vitamin
Katrina Groves: Vitamin A, Vitamin B and
Christina Badura: Water wall. Some 25 milligrams
Christina Badura: Let me also put
Katrina Groves: Well, somehow. Yeah, that is like a sleeping medicine huh
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I would talk to them about that there might be something better for your nausea like XO Fran. When's your appointment is on the fourth right yeah
Christina Badura: I can't take so friend. I guess it's not good for the baby.
Katrina Groves: And the vitamin B is that's 50 milligrams, you're taking yeah 50
Katrina Groves: Just ask them because I haven't done pregnancy enough to know that one.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so where were we are you feeling like thirsty, all the time, any signs of diabetes, where your blood sugar's get real high
Katrina Groves: You crave sugar.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. Sorry. Last year trouble trouble with your vision. Do you have blurry vision or double vision.
Katrina Groves: No I redness I paint dry eyes now your problems, hard to hear. Pain drainage or numbness, tingling, tingling noises in your ears like coming or buzzing
Katrina Groves: No, no, and nose, mouth, throat and voice. So any sores on your lips or your town or your mouth know any trouble swallowing no dental problems, I'm going to get a yes on that.
Christina Badura: Yes.
Katrina Groves: Your teeth look beautiful. From here, but what what's going on back in the back. Yeah, and
Christina Badura: There's they're still there, you know. Yeah, I haven't gotten pulled I I was gonna do it. But then I got pregnant. We have to make an appointment reading because they won't do anything here.
Katrina Groves: Man Okay, just make sure that if you get an abscess.
Christina Badura: If you
Katrina Groves: Start really hurting you may need antibiotics because that can spread like wildfire. So make sure your dentist knows about. I mean, sorry. Make sure your OB doctor knows about your dental issues.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Can you still go to you. I just, you also go to the Indian know who's your who's your primary. Now, how many provider.
Christina Badura: It's a new guy.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Christina Badura: I don't remember his name.
Katrina Groves: Let me look I'm, I'm actually on two computers now you'd be proud of me I mom.
Katrina Groves: And my phone.
Katrina Groves: Let's see who this is that you're seeing
Katrina Groves: Wow. One art arche know that's your OB doc.
Christina Badura: Yeah, that's the OB. I have a new doctor at the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Or Joshua Madison. He's a PA
Christina Badura: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: I hear good things about him.
Christina Badura: Yeah, he's really nice good
Katrina Groves: So no nosebleeds know drainage know sinus problems right now.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. How about your neck any pain or stiffness or like lumps in your neck.
Christina Badura: No.
Christina Badura: I read
Katrina Groves: I read would be right here, thyroid gland is not big.
Christina Badura: No, actually I noticed the other week ago. I have one right here. And I was like, man, I wish I saw a doctor, girl.
Katrina Groves: Somebody can look at that. Yeah, it may bring to me out.
Katrina Groves: I mean, your, your, your, your lymph nodes are trying really hard to keep your teeth under control. So they're probably going to be big and sore, at times, that's
Christina Badura: Probably
Katrina Groves: Trying to fight off infection. So moving down to your lungs. Do you have any trouble with all that smoking, you're doing with shortness of breath, coughing, wheezing.
Christina Badura: No I cough a tiny bit. A little bit. Not so much in works. I'm not smoking as much good. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you have a puffer that you need. Do you ever feel like
Christina Badura: You know you can't capture, bro. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And heart any chest pain or pressure
Christina Badura: For a pillow.
Katrina Groves: And when you get anxiety. Do you get heart palpitations with anxiety.
Christina Badura: I have something going on with my heart. I think maybe I'll have it checked when after have the baby what's going on and doing like a weird thumping for months now, it scares me.
Katrina Groves: Is it just when you've been pregnant.
Christina Badura: No, it was before. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And what is the thumping like is it just fast or slow or just big
Christina Badura: It's just big and it's like off. You know, it's not like the normal thump, thump, thump. I can really feel it almost like it's
Christina Badura: Old down like Don't, don't, like, I don't know, it's weird it trips me out.
Katrina Groves: Okay scares me. How long does it last Christina when that happens.
Christina Badura: Just a few seconds.
Katrina Groves: And how often does it happen.
Christina Badura: pretty often.
Katrina Groves: Like every day.
Christina Badura: Not every day.
Christina Badura: Like I could go maybe a week without it happening. I forget about it and then it'll start happening. It'll happen a few different times throughout a few days and then it'll stop for a while. Watch your caffeine.
Katrina Groves: Intake Do you drink coffee lattes.
Katrina Groves: mochas anything tea.
Christina Badura: I drink one coffee in the morning. Okay, and
Katrina Groves: So, see if thats related. It may not be. But sometimes those palpitations happen more often, when you're doing anything that's like caffeinated or chocolate or things like that soda with cap with like Mountain Dew on my gosh, don't
Christina Badura: drink soda at all.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and what you can it. A lot of these are very benign. They're just little skipping beats like a spark plug in your car. So you could try to like massage your neck and see if you can get it to go down. Some people take a deep breath and
Katrina Groves: Push like that to try to stop the heartbeat from going real fast.
Christina Badura: Oh really. Okay, those are a couple things you can do.
Katrina Groves: But again, that's another thing to put on your list for the OB Dr. Hope you're taking notes.
Christina Badura: I got off the bed.
Christina Badura: Well, I had a paper up there.
Katrina Groves: Go grab your paper I'm taking notes. I'll tell you at the end.
Katrina Groves: But you don't have any swelling of your legs, though, right.
Christina Badura: No, no, swelling,
Katrina Groves: Good, and you don't wake up in the middle of the night, short of breath or anything. No.
Katrina Groves: Good. So, so far for your OB. We have
Katrina Groves: Check about the Prozac. Tell them you know you want to try and stay on it if you can. Because you feel better.
Christina Badura: Boca
Katrina Groves: Working on your tobacco trying to cut that down. If there's anything they can give you patches or gum.
Katrina Groves: Making sure they know about your dental stuff.
Katrina Groves: And oh, then the nausea to unison. I don't know if I don't like that. I don't like that.
Katrina Groves: I know Andrew palpitations, that you're having
Christina Badura: I don't like it either. But he said it was safe. Okay, I believe he might have lifted up. So it sounds
Katrina Groves: It looks like a Walmart kind of over the counter generic thing.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But you just want to check with your OB. All right. Where was I neck respiratory heart dermatology any change in your hair, like is it dry or or falling out or
Christina Badura: No.
Katrina Groves: Changes in your nails or their dinner or
Katrina Groves: Is your skin dry or itchy know any new models that you've got worrisome models that have changed.
Katrina Groves: Big Black. Oh, okay. And your stomach. You already said you have nausea. Have you been vomiting to or just
Christina Badura: You know,
Katrina Groves: Have you tried ginger tea.
Christina Badura: Yeah, I tried the tea.
Doesn't work for
Tea and crackers.
Christina Badura: So no plans.
Katrina Groves: constipation or diarrhea.
Christina Badura: Yeah, I've been constipated. I've noticed a difference now that I'm pregnant. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So the Suboxone to you.
Katrina Groves: Can take a stool softener. All it does is put water in your gut, but it would be better to try to do vegetables and more fiber in your diet.
Katrina Groves: But I assume you haven't had any blood like when you threw up, you're not throwing up any blood
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: When you go to the bathroom. There's no black or red blood in your stool, you know, good and your belly is the abdominal pain like really bad pains in your belly.
Christina Badura: You know, okay, I don't have any pains.
Katrina Groves: And bladder. I assume you're paying a lot more now that you're
Christina Badura: Pregnant, yes.
Katrina Groves: But any blood in there or burning when you pee like a bladder infection would be
Christina Badura: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Keep hydrating. Maybe even a little cranberry juice every day. I always keeps the infections away. Okay, and then anything with your muscles.
Katrina Groves: throughout your body. Any you said back pain, a little bit, but you don't have any trouble with your, your joints shoulders ankles. Elbows wrist tips beat nothing's bothering us pain. You're lucky.
Know,
Christina Badura: So far,
Katrina Groves: So no history of seizures. No vertigo dizziness numbness fainting no tremor. How about the headaches. You did you have headaches.
Christina Badura: Yeah, I have headaches.
Katrina Groves: And how are they pretty often or
Christina Badura: Yeah, they're getting more now that I think I'm getting into my second trimester. Get them almost every day. Wow.
Katrina Groves: Talk to your OB about that right it on the list.
Christina Badura: Okay.
Christina Badura: Did you can take Tylenol. Yeah.
Christina Badura: I think
It was
Christina Badura: Yeah, I don't like to dig it every day.
Katrina Groves: You shouldn't. If you can find anything else to try not to take it too much.
Katrina Groves: And then are you having any the stress with so much. Poor baby all
Katrina Groves: The with your life and the stress of your daughter and everything, how much it's changed. Do you feel like you're depressed and sad to the point where you just don't want to function. You just want to land like stay in bed and close the doors and not go out
Christina Badura: I feel like that lately. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Is that when you started to drop your Prozac.
Christina Badura: Yeah, I think that's a big part of it.
Katrina Groves: And your sleep is doing what
Christina Badura: I have a hard time sick when I wake up like every hour. Okay, that's what. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Um, any suicidal thoughts.
Christina Badura: No good.
Katrina Groves: Hopelessness worthlessness, that kind of stuff again that low self esteem coming back on yet.
Christina Badura: No, not since I've been with Jacob. It's different than being this letter.
Christina Badura: You just put me down so much. It was horrible. Yeah, that was very domestic violence. Have you been in touch with Leonard
Katrina Groves: At all.
Christina Badura: No good. Keep
Christina Badura: He tries
No.
Katrina Groves: All right, and no hallucinations. I imagine you're not seeing things are hearing things that you know are there no easy bruising or bleeding.
Christina Badura: No. All right. And we go on allergies. Oh yeah, we did
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, what else so your last prescription for Suboxone was when and when are you going to be do again.
Christina Badura: Let me check and see if
Christina Badura: The bottle.
Christina Badura: I'll check my calendar.
Christina Badura: On my calendar.
Christina Badura: It's January I switched my calendar.
Katrina Groves: I like your house. It's a pretty. Look at those beautiful curtains. It's like a great theme there. Nice.
Christina Badura: Thank you. It's a mess in here right now.
Katrina Groves: The 12th the 12th of January.
Katrina Groves: With winning. Yeah. And was it a month.
Christina Badura: No, it was longer
Christina Badura: I THOUGHT I GOT IT leaders in that this is the 12th. You see, maybe there's a second one.
Katrina Groves: Because you haven't been taking as many
Christina Badura: But we mix our boxes up you know
Christina Badura: Oh dear. We put them together, we take them. We just opened one box will put it in a bottle, we just
Christina Badura: Take one he takes one he takes what he's supposed to take, I take what I'm supposed to take
Katrina Groves: That card because then you don't know who's do when
Christina Badura: I haven't run on the calendar. Normally, but I switched calendars.
Christina Badura: Oh no, I found it. The 23rd.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And that was for 90
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Alright.
Katrina Groves: So you're obviously not going to need
Katrina Groves: Because you're not taking three a day, you're only taking two and a half. So you'll have a little extra
Christina Badura: Yeah, I have some extra
Katrina Groves: So did I asked you. Are you planning on doing group this Monday the
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm going to put your name down happy are will be there you know her from group. I don't know.
Christina Badura: A little lady Cathy. Oh wait, no, what the short hair.
Katrina Groves: The pulse that then one that's
Christina Badura: Okay. Casey's friend. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: She's good. And so, Christina be and then I'll try to make it you know every four weeks if we can
Christina Badura: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Just because you're pregnant and we're going to want to be taped bring you down a little and you also go to Tony's group, how often
Christina Badura: I still try to go as often as I can. I go to the three times a month. Okay.
Good.
Katrina Groves: You need your own especially right now with everybody wants you you know your daughter's got issues. And even though he's pushing away, which is normal teenage stuff she's still really wants to talk to her mom. She just doesn't want it.
Katrina Groves: Want to know that you know
Christina Badura: She doesn't want we didn't know
Katrina Groves: Like having a cat. You know, it's like I'm independent I'm doing my own thing. I don't need you.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, really. She does. But I forget my point.
Katrina Groves: You have to have your own time in the middle of the baby wanting stuff and Jacob wanting stuff and his mom wanting stuff and your daughter wanting stuff and everybody wants wants wants
Katrina Groves: So for me, group time for you make it a priority, just to sit, you know, have a group once a month here with people, you know, and you know, Tony's group. So, don't, don't forget about that part that's going to be important.
Christina Badura: Okay, yeah. Last week I told Tony in the group. I said, I don't want to leave.
Katrina Groves: You don't have to leave. This is just this is to make sure that your medication stay because if I, you know, when I get let go from open door. This is all you're going to have for meds and because I can't find another doctor there.
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So this will help you know you can do this, but you also should still be Tony's I think it's great that you have the option to do both.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Okay, so you will just let me know when you need your meds and we will go from there. Let me see if there's anything else I'm missing.
Katrina Groves: Oh my goodness. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Pharmacy. We know what pharmacy, you're going to
Christina Badura: Walgreens.
Christina Badura: A Walgreens times Walmart.
Katrina Groves: Are there so
Christina Badura: Well great, please.
Katrina Groves: Try to pick one that way it's less confusing if you need a refill.
Christina Badura: Well, Walgreens had didn't have the medicine for like
Christina Badura: A few weeks or month or something. So we all had to go over to Walmart. Okay, but
Katrina Groves: Your usual one if you get it you prefer Walgreens.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, there may be times when you
Katrina Groves: Go back.
Katrina Groves: All right. And did they send you a urine screen yet from bright heart. Nope.
Christina Badura: I think about how they're doing that.
Katrina Groves: But
Katrina Groves: I'm sorry, I missed that you froze.
Christina Badura: I haven't got it so
Katrina Groves: what they should be doing is mailing you out a urine cup and you hang on to it, it'll be in a sealed package so mail it to your house. I don't think it's like obvious like urine cup on the box.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But when you get that the new call the bright heart number and tell them that you've got it and they'll tell you. Okay, well,
Katrina Groves: They'll walk you through how to do it basically going in the bathroom coming out, showing them the urine you guys end up reading it together. So you can actually learn something for your CNA class it you can tell
Christina Badura: Like what lines mean
Katrina Groves: What else right there. Uh huh. It's on the top.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, everything that the so they read it with you and you know if you have a slip up or something. It's like, just be honest and I mean I can't imagine you're going to be doing that. Do you still know what
Katrina Groves: Are you using now. Okay, good. I'm like, good.
Katrina Groves: All right, so I think you are sad I
Katrina Groves: Can't think of anything else. What about
Katrina Groves: You do you have any questions or concerns or worries and how this is all going to work.
Christina Badura: Worry about it. I think everybody does everybody is worried about totally losing your job.
Katrina Groves: I don't think she's gonna lose her job because the clinic wants to keep MIT going and that's why
Katrina Groves: I'm grand fathering in you guys. But then there'll be new patients starting and I know, I know.
Katrina Groves: It's had a couple new people come in.
Christina Badura: But it seems somebody new a week ago or something. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, we don't want to lose the program that is too important to this community and it can't all be on bright heart.
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: It's got to be both. And I just love the fact that right now we're kind of doing it together.
Katrina Groves: So yeah problem and you're not, you know, figuring out bright heart. You can always call tell me who always have my number. So we're still we're still a team. I just missed you guys really bad.
Katrina Groves: One of these days.
Christina Badura: I know
Katrina Groves: All right. And do you know how to use the mute button on your thing there on the zoom. If you ever when you're doing a group and something
Christina Badura: OK, I see a mute button.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you can always meet yourself. Okay.
Katrina Groves: When we do group. It's like good not to be drinking anything or smoking me can drink.
Christina Badura: Walking around
Katrina Groves: Walking around the house. It makes people Disney when you move around, you're like, oh yeah.
Christina Badura: I need to get set up at a table or something.
Katrina Groves: Some people do it in their car. I mean they can't even talk in front of their partner because of whatever domestic violence issues so they can go in their car.
Katrina Groves: Any player to be
Christina Badura: All right, well, I might have to do that because my daughter will be home when I'm Sherman want to talk about it.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, tomorrow on Monday.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, you look lovely you look that pregnancy is doing well.
Christina Badura: Thank you.
Christina Badura: So do
Christina Badura: I miss you miss you too.
Christina Badura: All right, all right.
Katrina Groves: New Monday you go ahead and log off and or end of the session. If you can figure out how to do that.
Christina Badura: Okay.
Katrina Groves: About 535 30 they're going to ask questions. So that'd be a good time to do it.
Katrina Groves: All right. Love you.
Christina Badura: Love you, to have a good day.
Katrina Groves: You too. Bye.
Katrina Groves: All right, let me continue with her.
Katrina Groves: Let's see, so she again as an established Mr patient with me at the ACM and the expert were reviewed prior I reviewed the cures report, and it was appropriate.
Katrina Groves: Um,
Katrina Groves: I think you got all the history of how she started using that was all the API.
Katrina Groves: So psychological impressions or mini mental status suicide risk is none.
Katrina Groves: Level of stress is
Katrina Groves: Moderate
Katrina Groves: She was alert and oriented times three. She's completely functional and independent in all her ADL
Katrina Groves: That's activities of daily living. She had normal concentration and attention, no evidence of shorter long term memory loss, her motor
Katrina Groves: Was
Katrina Groves: Negative for any psycho motor agitation.
Katrina Groves: No tremor.
Katrina Groves: Her mood somewhat anxious
Katrina Groves: And her aspect was congruent. She had normal range of motion emotions during the session.
Katrina Groves: She was well groomed.
Katrina Groves: Normal body habitus
Katrina Groves: Her speech rate volume and coherence, we're all normal her thought processes linear and logical content.
Katrina Groves: Was also normal there's no evidence of any auditory visual hallucinations or delusions, no evidence of any psychosis nerd noted during the visit. She's intact in judgment and good self reflection.
You got her past history her
Surgical history.
Um, let's see if I forgot anything
Katrina Groves: No implantable devices, that's weird that pops up on the HP
Katrina Groves: That looks like her goals were to get back into some type of
Katrina Groves: College and maybe work at the prison.
Katrina Groves: Her review systems. I did all those 10 points.
Katrina Groves: Last her exam.
Katrina Groves: I guess I already said part of that she's casually dressed modeling appearance.
Katrina Groves: Granted,
Katrina Groves: Last vitals and see if I can find that last
Blood pressure was this was from December 3 row pressure 120 over 69 pulse of at temperature 97.8 aspirations of 20 the weight was 139 pounds at that time.
Katrina Groves: At AMP t a traumatic normal phallic people's neither pinned nor dilated and normal hearing respiratory No audible wheezing shortness of breath normal rate and volume of breathing for skin with that jaundice, no signs of track marks or skin popping.
Katrina Groves: musculoskeletal she moves all your extremities well without hesitation or pain neurologically non focal grossly normal and coordinated movements.
Katrina Groves: You can put that as a, oh, I forgot under General
Katrina Groves: cooperative behavior and good eye contact, that can be like like
Katrina Groves: Normal exam. I don't know if you guys have templates, you can do that, but
I would like to be able to just say that's a normal exam and then add anything that might be different for future clients.
If that's possible.
Katrina Groves: Same thing with the
Katrina Groves: mental status exam.
And the psych impression that
Is kind of a
Katrina Groves: Template that could be built, please let me know if I need to do that, somehow, or if you guys can copy and paste from
Other clients.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so the plan assessment with her is
Katrina Groves: opioid dependence and our mission F 11.21 she's also pregnant at
Katrina Groves: Three months the DC 811 2020
Katrina Groves: Plan will be to have a follow up for group with me on
Katrina Groves: February 3
Katrina Groves: And same with Jillian I BELIEVE SHE'S COMING ON FEBRUARY third
Katrina Groves: major depression without psychotic features.
Don't have the number four 311 is depression.
Katrina Groves: Tobacco
Katrina Groves: Use is another diagnosis.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: The plan will be to have her follow up again with me on the
Katrina Groves: Third, she has an OB appointment on the fourth, and we'll talk to her about increasing the Prozac.
Katrina Groves: Working on stopping tobacco.
Katrina Groves: Getting assistance with her dental problems.
Katrina Groves: And talking about her headache, as well as her nausea.
Katrina Groves: Concern that she should not be using over the counter unison.
Katrina Groves: Her Suboxone prescription has been filled
Katrina Groves: And she's continued to take 20 milligrams a day, which is two and a half of the eight milligram strips and the pharmacy will be Walgreens.
Katrina Groves: And I think I'm done with her. I will take a minute to pause until our next patient who is
Katrina Groves: Brian colored at 11 o'clock.
Katrina Groves: You are. This is Brian color, date of birth is 1128 79
Bryan Collard: Yeah, okay.
And
Katrina Groves: So where are you in the process of right heart. Now, have you had your intake. Is this the last piece or where are you at
Bryan Collard: Doing all the paperwork and everything.
Bryan Collard: Well,
Katrina Groves: You're kind of fading in and out here.
Yesterday,
Bryan Collard: Or Thursday. So I'm the intake. Yeah, I got all the intake and stuff. So I think I just need to meet at the lab. I guess I gotta take labs.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and where did they tell you to go from labs.
Bryan Collard: It'd be open door.
Katrina Groves: Good. They're getting that right so you have a primary care provider at Open door.
Bryan Collard: Dr. Peter
Good.
Katrina Groves: Okay, because, first they were telling people to go to Senator and we're like, no, no, no, don't gotta set or just go to Denmark, so that's good.
Katrina Groves: And the lab work Brian is something that you want to do to check your liver periodically your kidneys, you know, with
Katrina Groves: All the damage people do to their bodies. It's good to have it done. I should have probably been doing it once a year, but at least you do it now and get a baseline where you're at.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Okay. Tell me about your prescription for Suboxone. Where are you at with that.
Bryan Collard: I have just over a week left on my script.
Katrina Groves: Do you have it with you. Do you have the date that it was filled, or is it close by. Okay.
Bryan Collard: It was
Bryan Collard: 110
Katrina Groves: Okay, so you'll be out, like you said, in another week.
Katrina Groves: For the groups. This is like a history intake, you would have had to do this with another doctor and then see me. So this kind of saves you another step.
Katrina Groves: What we're doing today, but the next step will be group, which I'm doing Mondays at 530 till
Katrina Groves: 645, something like that.
Bryan Collard: Oh, they said 545 yeah
Katrina Groves: 545 but you want to check in at 530 because they're going to do a brief addiction assessment every time. And they've got people to come in. So if you can make it earlier 530 years. That's fine. If not I 45
Katrina Groves: How does that work with your work schedule, Brian.
Bryan Collard: The way that the hours are right now with the time, it's fine. In the summertime or spring rather times can change so that could affect my my meeting schedule.
Katrina Groves: Got it. Well, we will take care of that as we need to.
Katrina Groves: And so you're Suboxone dose you're taking eight milligrams three a day still
Katrina Groves: Yes. And how's that working for you.
Exploring
Katrina Groves: Do you have cravings on it. Do you have
Katrina Groves: Constipation on it.
Bryan Collard: No, no, constipation,
Bryan Collard: From urinating, though I told Dr. Cooper that
Bryan Collard: She said,
Bryan Collard: I don't know if she
Bryan Collard: She gave me a paper to fill out and come back and meet with her, but
Bryan Collard: I don't know if she's just too busy or she just doesn't care what I told her about it.
Katrina Groves: And you're how old 40 now. So is it that your stream is your urine stream just dribbling.
Or
Bryan Collard: Week.
Katrina Groves: Very we did that, does that start, all of a sudden, or just progressively worse.
Bryan Collard: Aggressively
Bryan Collard: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that may be partly the medication, but it's possibly also that your prostates getting enlarged. So definitely make an appointment to
Katrina Groves: get that checked out because that happens in men.
Katrina Groves: I'm just making some notes here.
Katrina Groves: But as far as the Suboxone you feel like it's keeping you off the street drugs.
Bryan Collard: Absolutely. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And just because you know the bright heart doesn't know about your history, I'm supposed to get a history I nice and might be good to help remind me to
Katrina Groves: How did your problems with substance abuse start. How old were you what you used, you know, kind of the whole whole summary here of
Katrina Groves: When did this all start with you.
Bryan Collard: I took my first bike it in at 20
Katrina Groves: So you weren't a kid doing pot and less than 10 years older.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, you're not starting
Katrina Groves: On their
Bryan Collard: Their young doing
Bryan Collard: My dad left and my mom started letting us smoke weed. I was 13
Bryan Collard: Wow 14 she started smoking meth with us.
Bryan Collard: And it progressed from there.
Bryan Collard: I've, you know, I've had periods of of sobriety from then until now.
Katrina Groves: How long will your periods of sobriety.
Bryan Collard: The first one was
Bryan Collard: Want to say two and a half years. Second one was four and a half years. Great.
Bryan Collard: Is the third one here and I'm going on.
Bryan Collard: She didn't know
Bryan Collard: It three years.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, let's see, I think you started with us and well you started with us in December of 2017 but you said you were clean in July. Before you even came to the program.
Yep, July 3
Katrina Groves: July 3 so you're coming up on three years.
Katrina Groves: With each of those relapses can you
Katrina Groves: Do you know what started them. I mean, you were going along really good two and a half years, three and a half years and then something happened, what each of those times what happened that triggered you to get back into using
Bryan Collard: The first one I just
Bryan Collard: I was going through some pain and I went back to what was familiar
Katrina Groves: Physical pain or mental pain.
Bryan Collard: Mental. Okay, and what
Katrina Groves: What was that caused by
Bryan Collard: Lost my pastor
Bryan Collard: Like died. Yeah, he died.
Bryan Collard: Suddenly, and he was like a dad to me.
Bryan Collard: And then I moved my brother and with me, who had just gotten out of a group home.
Bryan Collard: Which was a big mistake my brother's always been toxic for me.
Bryan Collard: He's always been a trigger.
Bryan Collard: In fact, he caused my second relapse.
Bryan Collard: Not him just being around him.
Bryan Collard: He was a he was instrumental in it.
Katrina Groves: I like how you switch that around instead of blaming him you actually said, Oh, no, it was because I was around him. I liked how you
Katrina Groves: Kind of did that just now.
Katrina Groves: So where is he now.
Katrina Groves: He's in Bakersfield, and you don't have contact
Bryan Collard: No I don't talk to him.
Katrina Groves: Might be a good thing.
Katrina Groves: And the third relapse what what precipitated that
Bryan Collard: Pain.
Bryan Collard: My wife was using
Bryan Collard: And I just I Mr wanted to be around her.
Bryan Collard: was a bad idea at the time. I should have just distance myself from her, but who knows where I'd be today, but yeah.
True.
Katrina Groves: So now she has stopped using. Yeah. As far as, you know,
Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay. And
Katrina Groves: So your drug of choice, though throughout all this with the math and the Norco and whatever. What was your, what do you think your drug of choice was
Bryan Collard: A mixture of mapping and opiates.
Katrina Groves: And what about the benzo is, where did that come into play.
Katrina Groves: And alcohol, actually, was that in between, like,
Katrina Groves: Trying to stay trying to stay off the harder stuff, thinking that the bends those and alcohol are kinda okay or. Yep.
Yep.
Bryan Collard: You guys got they came down pretty hard on me with the bends those and kind of gave me an ultimatum. And so I
Bryan Collard: I guess I I traded one for the other.
Bryan Collard: Which is what happened. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. And so how much alcohol. Do you drink now.
Bryan Collard: A couple shots tonight.
Katrina Groves: It's about about what I remember you telling me before, is it more or less about the same.
Bryan Collard: Sometimes more
Bryan Collard: I'm struggling with it.
Katrina Groves: So I remember it was partly because the grand. Okay, let me get this straight. Your son's wife. So your daughter in law was at the house with the grandkids and that was a bad situation.
Katrina Groves: So you used to drink, you told me because you get off work and you're like, so stressed out. You don't want to go home to that situation. So is the, is she gone now are the grandkids gone. What's the status. Yeah.
Bryan Collard: She moved out a couple of months ago.
Bryan Collard: Though
Bryan Collard: I was stuck between a rock and a hard place in that situation because I love my grandkids.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, and not having a mirrors.
Bryan Collard: less stressful but more painful. He's not having them around me like your
Bryan Collard: Heart, yeah, big time.
Bryan Collard: And
Katrina Groves: She let you see them. Can you go there and see them.
Bryan Collard: To share with her and see them.
Katrina Groves: She won't let you bring them to your house.
Bryan Collard: Last night was the first night she let them come here and they're here now.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Katrina Groves: My son. Wow. So have you brought things together with your son because there's a while he wasn't talking to you. He was out of the house. He was mad right
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So how is that relationship going
Bryan Collard: Or better
Good to hear
Katrina Groves: So, um, times when you feeling like
Katrina Groves: A little happier like this. Do you feel like maybe I don't need the shots tonight or I just want one, or do you think about maybe cutting down on your alcohol when you're when you're happier, or is it just a habit. Now that you've got to do it to not get sick.
Bryan Collard: No, it's
Bryan Collard: It's got to become a habit.
Bryan Collard: And I don't get sick. I mean, like, but
Bryan Collard: Yeah, I want to cut down whenever it's happier like this. I don't feel the need to want to don't like pain or anything like that, but I do a problem sleeping at night so
Katrina Groves: Right, so we should work on your sleep a little bit. Tell me about your sleep problem.
Bryan Collard: I just wake up a lot. I
Bryan Collard: Go to sleep, but
Bryan Collard: I gotta, I have a script for Bezos from my doctor
Bryan Collard: Dr.
Bryan Collard: Evil, which helps me to not drink like I don't really, I'm afraid to drink. Whenever I take those so
Katrina Groves: Yeah, because they go right to the same receptor and you can stop breathing. So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Did she try any other things for sleep. I'm sure over the Times melatonin Benadryl Tylenol PM.
Bryan Collard: One of those will work for a short while, I took melatonin for a couple months, but then they just stopped working it take a higher dose and then it works for a week and then it works for a couple of days and then right then just doesn't work.
Katrina Groves: And so it looks like she's given you Klonopin, is that right clinic.
Bryan Collard: No, it's
Bryan Collard: Not him.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, clonazepam
Katrina Groves: Okay, and that's the two milligram dose and you're just taking it at night to sleep. Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so there's
Katrina Groves: If you have a prescription for that. Then using alcohol, actually, people think it knocks them out but it puts you into this weird REM sleep, where you're not really getting deep down
Katrina Groves: The alcohol actually makes sleep worse. So if you've got Klonopin to sleep, then maybe you can stop the alcohol.
Katrina Groves: Have you tried that where you are right now. Are you still taking your two shots plus your Klonopin
Bryan Collard: Yeah, let's take
Bryan Collard: Possession.
Katrina Groves: That's what I worry about is you're taking a benzo that's already like alcohol and then you're adding alcohol to it so
Katrina Groves: We, you know, we got time to work on this, but I think it's something that
Katrina Groves: You might want to examine is there alcoholism in your family fathers, brothers.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, anybody die from alcohol.
Bryan Collard: No.
Katrina Groves: So speaking of family history. I've got some things I have to get through. So, your mom is she living or I can't remember. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And does she have any medical problems.
Bryan Collard: Oh, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Oh boy, like
Katrina Groves: diabetes, high blood pressure,
Bryan Collard: My mom was a hypochondriac.
Bryan Collard: So anytime I call her. She has an ailment. And as far as what her actual elements are can say okay
Bryan Collard: I really don't want to contact with the doctors. But, you know, just put someone think something's wrong with them doesn't mean that there is, you know,
Katrina Groves: Pro. So she's
Bryan Collard: Broken her arms, she's she had both her arms broken one time she was an abusive relationship.
Bryan Collard: She got rescued by some people took her in. She's clean sober now far as I know.
Good.
Bryan Collard: First time in, like, ever.
Katrina Groves: Do you have contact with her.
Bryan Collard: I talked to her every now and then.
Bryan Collard: She's a little bitter at me.
Katrina Groves: Was that
Bryan Collard: Because I took my younger brothers, she left him with me for like a month one time and just went off on a party thing.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Bryan Collard: When she was gone. I went to the court to to guardianship of them. I didn't want to see that her smoking meth of them, they were they were the same age as we were when she started smoking meth with us. So it scared me.
Bryan Collard: on that road.
Katrina Groves: You did the right thing you were. How old were you at that point.
Bryan Collard: 45
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's pretty young, and yet you stood stood up to the plate and you're like being their father figure and took care of him and got him out of there so
Katrina Groves: You know that for her to be bitter about that, that, that shows me that she doesn't have a lot of insight into her own behavior at the time when she was putting her kids at risk, you know,
Katrina Groves: So just know that you did the right thing whether or not, she'll be able to say hey Brian, I realized you
Katrina Groves: You were helping you're trying to help that may not come from her lips. But you know, that's the truth.
Katrina Groves: So any
Katrina Groves: Your father is he still living.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, yeah. My biological father
Katrina Groves: Uh huh. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And what were his medical problems, substance use, as well, or any diabetes.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, high blood pressure,
Bryan Collard: For sure, he just had a stroke. A few years ago.
What age.
Bryan Collard: Right.
Bryan Collard: Maybe 58
Katrina Groves: Let's see the drinker.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, my dad was a drinker and a US speed. He's a truck driver so
Katrina Groves: Wow, they still working.
Bryan Collard: No, no, he's been retired for years. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And how's the relationship between you guys
Bryan Collard: We don't talk
Bryan Collard: Was he
Katrina Groves: abusive to you and the boys and your
Bryan Collard: He was abusive to my mother. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then siblings two brothers and you have a sister.
Bryan Collard: I have four sisters
Katrina Groves: For sisters. How can I forget that. Wow. And where are they all alive and well, or what they have substance abuse issues.
Bryan Collard: No, actually.
Bryan Collard: No.
Bryan Collard: So,
Katrina Groves: It sounds like it went to the mail, like the the Y chromosome kind of gravitated to the males in your family.
Bryan Collard: YEAH. SORTA Yeah.
Bryan Collard: never really thought about it.
Katrina Groves: Do you have contact with your sisters
I do
Katrina Groves: And do they visit or do you guys get together.
Bryan Collard: No other don't don't a bigger school
Katrina Groves: And then are you still smoking cigarettes to Brian or no.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, I've been. I've cut down quite a bit. I've been actually babying instead of smoking. I don't know if it's any better, but
Katrina Groves: Yeah. We used to think it was. But now we realize no it really isn't. And then people blow up. And that's not a good thing.
Katrina Groves: But anything you can do to
Katrina Groves: You know you can't quit all substances at once. So you kind of have to make your choice you you've done really well on Suboxone i don't think i don't remember when the last time you had a relapse, or even if you did relapse. Yeah. In
Katrina Groves: Two and a half, almost three years now. So now it's time in your brain. Okay, what, what's the next thing I can deal with and maybe the alcohol and the benzo is is next. Maybe the smoking is next, you know, you got to kind of figure that out, where you feel your heart tells you
Bryan Collard: I just want to
Bryan Collard: I just quit smoking pot.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you did.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Wow, that's huge, because that's an addiction, whether people know it or not that that's in your brain. Did you go through any withdrawals.
Bryan Collard: No.
Bryan Collard: I didn't
Katrina Groves: So when were you using the pot.
Bryan Collard: Daily
Wow.
Katrina Groves: During or
Bryan Collard: After we're not so much during work no gotta be sharp when I'm working
Katrina Groves: Yeah, now you're working still at the at a construction site. What are you doing these days.
Bryan Collard: Oh, great. Okay.
Katrina Groves: You like your job.
Bryan Collard: I do when I'm working
Bryan Collard: But then later. So I haven't worked all this week.
Katrina Groves: So it's not a very
Katrina Groves: A job that's you don't always have confidence, you're going to work.
Bryan Collard: Well, and up until recently it's been very steady
Bryan Collard: Just in the last month or so it's it's been often
Katrina Groves: Do you have a backup plan of what you might want to do
Bryan Collard: As far as I checked into the mill.
Bryan Collard: And Brookings but
Bryan Collard: No, not, not so much. If, if I stayed a lid off too much longer. I gotta find something else. I can't keep drawing this unemployment doesn't doesn't help enough so
Right.
Katrina Groves: You've been pretty resourceful finding jobs. What other thoughts. Have you had
Bryan Collard: Like I said,
Bryan Collard: The mills definitely an option for me.
Bryan Collard: I like what I mostly
To
Bryan Collard: I need to go about getting hired there and not smoking the pot. Now I'm clean up the pot. So it's none of my system.
Good.
Bryan Collard: I just don't know. Phil, because the windows in my system.
Bryan Collard: I don't have to
Bryan Collard: Allow me, I mean I have a script.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Bryan Collard: So I don't know if they can tell me I can't remember system or where they would borrow me from being heard.
Katrina Groves: It might, but you've just got to be honest, because if they drug test you.
Katrina Groves: I guess it depends on how it affects you. And if you're taking it only in the nighttime that might be okay. You have to check with them.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so, tobacco, alcohol, you're living with Jana still your wife. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And that's going better, worse, aim, I know you guys have been in and out of it a lot.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, we, we still are you, but not that bad. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And she's clean and sober, as well as far as, you know,
Bryan Collard: Well Jen is drinking too, I think.
Katrina Groves: So you guys are hiding something. I mean, alcohol is it's trying to escape. Just like a drug.
Katrina Groves: So it'd be helpful to figure out why.
Katrina Groves: And work on other ways of
Katrina Groves: Escaping rather than using other substances.
Katrina Groves: Like switching addictions. Were you ever in counseling, any way with Vinnie for a while and then it just kind of get out what happened with that.
Bryan Collard: To
Bryan Collard: Be honest with you, I went in there one day and my insurance had lapsed temporarily
Bryan Collard: I remember the last
Bryan Collard: Two days before my appointment with him. Yeah, I told you about this.
Bryan Collard: And I don't care to see if any anymore. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Because he was all about the money.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, yeah, yeah. He didn't. And he made up some weak excuse of why that was all better and right and we go over anymore.
Bryan Collard: So Mike, okay, that's fine.
Katrina Groves: So, so, you know, you're going to be meeting a new counselor here on Mondays. Her name is Rebecca. Rebecca and she's on telemedicine to. She's really good.
Katrina Groves: She's been doing this for years.
Katrina Groves: She's one resource to do some one on one therapy if you want. Also, Glenn and not Glenn Greg and George, I think they're new
Katrina Groves: Providers at the clinic at Tony's clinic and they have a lot of addiction experience and they're also open, but I know your your days are limited. When you're working you're working like what 7258 to five.
Bryan Collard: And yes seven to five at the latest.
Bryan Collard: And you have to bring
Katrina Groves: You any days off.
Bryan Collard: Saturday, Sunday.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, okay. But if there's ever a three o'clock, and you're like, Hey, just, just what you want to do go by and see if there's a group going on.
Katrina Groves: Or make an appointment with George or
Bryan Collard: Greg, Greg. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Tony's pretty happy with them. They have a lot of empathy and they're good with people with addiction and recovery so might be somebody to think about
Katrina Groves: Okay, let me back up on surgical history. Have you had any surgeries in the past brand.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Tell me about them.
Bryan Collard: And that's why I put that you chose amputated.
Bryan Collard: What you asked me strung out on opiates was when I smashed my foot.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Bryan Collard: I was getting a lot of opiates given to me for my doctor
Bryan Collard: Was getting 115 articles, a month at first. So when it first happened, I was getting
Bryan Collard: large doses of delighted in the hospital.
Bryan Collard: Wow. And when I got out of the hospital. They, they would not, they would just let me get
Bryan Collard: they'd let me go to the pharmacy and pick up more pills, as I needed them. It was like
Bryan Collard: It was almost like I had pills on tap.
Katrina Groves: At the time, wow.
Bryan Collard: Couple years after that they were giving me 150 a month and then something happened with the FDA they shut down all that crap and they took my script.
Bryan Collard: And left me just
Bryan Collard: strung out
Katrina Groves: And that is not the way it was supposed to happen, of course, but I've heard this story many times, unfortunately.
Katrina Groves: So then you had no choice but to get on the street. Did you go to heroin right away or
Bryan Collard: Not right away.
Bryan Collard: I chased Suboxone for a long time.
Bryan Collard: And then I Jen and I had a falling out. I went down to southern California back down to Bakersfield, and found it almost impossible to find Suboxone at the time.
Katrina Groves: Well, and
Bryan Collard: Short time. Yeah, I was. I went to lie. Yes.
Bryan Collard: Okay, and then I moved back up here. I had just get away from it.
Bryan Collard: Came back up here and
Bryan Collard: Pursue the program to get back in
Katrina Groves: Any other surgeries, besides the toes appendix pencils.
Bryan Collard: No broken major broken
Bryan Collard: Bone oh my hand. I had a surgery, one time at gangrene on my end.
Hmm.
Katrina Groves: How that happened was it shooting up
Bryan Collard: Knows from
Bryan Collard: Fighting
Bryan Collard: human mouth dirty, dirty place.
Katrina Groves: Oh, it is. It's worse than dogs.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Bryan Collard: I found that out the hard way.
Katrina Groves: So I noticed you have high blood pressure on your chart. Is that still true. Do you take medication for that.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, I'm taking medication.
Katrina Groves: So do you have your meds with you. Is it is it multiple ah 50 milligrams once a day.
Bryan Collard: And Lisinopril 30 milligrams
Bryan Collard: Good.
Katrina Groves: And between the two. What's your blood pressure run
Bryan Collard: Well, last time I checked, it was good.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you still take gabapentin Neurontin
Bryan Collard: I don't take them. I have lived my medicine cabinet. But I don't take him to make the movie. Okay.
Katrina Groves: What were they supposed to be doing.
Bryan Collard: There were supposed to like, help me sleep. I guess we're
Bryan Collard: Open my mood, no more. This
Bryan Collard: I take them. They, they will make me drowsy, but I don't think they helped me sleep.
Bryan Collard: And I don't realize that I'm loopy what a modem. Okay. The other other people tell me a little strange, dude. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Don't tell them is that just the 300 milligrams, you were on the low dose.
Bryan Collard: Yeah okay let's
Katrina Groves: Make sure yeah I don't think you need to be if you just taken a 300 and you're loopy, you're not going to be able to take any higher dose.
Katrina Groves: So any other meds I missing you take ibuprofen every now and then.
Bryan Collard: Like
Bryan Collard: Acetaminophen
Katrina Groves: Okay plane Tylenol.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, it's better for your blood pressure, I guess.
Katrina Groves: Yep, better for your kidneys.
Katrina Groves: And then the priceless act you still take that for your heartburn stomach.
Yeah.
Bryan Collard: Okay, yeah, I take that along with a multivitamin to offset the calcium that a drink from my body, which I didn't know that it does that dreams calcium and magnesium. I guess from your body. Your bones become brittle.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, oh yeah.
Bryan Collard: I took a handful of pills in the morning. Right.
Bryan Collard: Weird
Katrina Groves: Do you feel like a pill. It's making you feel like a pill popper again.
Bryan Collard: No no no proper I'm just like, damn,
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Bryan Collard: I take five pills in the morning.
Bryan Collard: What to more vitamins. One's a straight calcium, vitamin D levels a men's one a day. Good.
Katrina Groves: And then your blood pressure pills.
Bryan Collard: Work pressure and then the heartburn.
Katrina Groves: Now, you could always take the blood pressure pills like one morning one night if you wanted just to split it up a little bit.
Katrina Groves: I don't know if that would help you feel like you're not taking so many, but the ones you're taking are healthy, if you can get that in your head.
Katrina Groves: And do you take the Suboxone three times a day, or all at once.
Bryan Collard: I take them all at once.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Katrina Groves: And have you ever thought about tapering a little bit or are you happy where you're at.
Bryan Collard: And have your
Katrina Groves: Say milligrams. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So I'm just going to go through some brief. Let's see. I've got medical history family history social history.
Katrina Groves: Just like a head to toe thing.
Katrina Groves: Talking about any symptoms you might have in the last week or two.
Katrina Groves: Let me know if they're positive like Fevers or chills. Have you had anything like that. No any night sweats.
Katrina Groves: No. Have they done a TB test recently at your job or at the clinic, I think we did one when you first started
Bryan Collard: Yeah you did. Well, when I first started
Katrina Groves: All right, good. And any problems with heat or cold intolerance.
Bryan Collard: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about being really tired all the time, fatigue, like just can't get up in the morning can get your job done.
Katrina Groves: No.
Katrina Groves: Good weight gain or weight loss.
Bryan Collard: Away game. I think it's from not working.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I'm sleepy during the daytime.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you have any signs of diabetes, like you're peeing all the time. You're thirsty all the time you're hungry all the time they got the hiccups, things like that. No.
Katrina Groves: All right, and your eyes. I have you had any changing your vision any blurry vision or I pain.
Bryan Collard: No.
Katrina Groves: Any discharge from your eyes redness tearing
Katrina Groves: Ears difficulty hearing or pain or drainage from your ears.
Bryan Collard: You know,
Katrina Groves: You get tinnitus that that annoying sound from loud exposure to noise all your life to hear a humming noise in your ears.
Bryan Collard: Know, occasionally my ears ring. That's a second or two. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Where your ear protection.
Katrina Groves: nose, mouth and throat. So any sores on your lips or tongue, you're worried about
Bryan Collard: Know, I have a tooth that needs to come out but dental office. Here's
Katrina Groves: I know that Joe
Frustrating.
Katrina Groves: So where's the tooth, front, back,
Bryan Collard: Back bottom, bottom, bottom molar
Katrina Groves: And have you needed antibiotics for it when it gets swollen.
Bryan Collard: I did and I actually got a
Bryan Collard: Script, my brother didn't take it didn't need them in their conflicts and my mouth was swollen and I took the whole script and the swelling went down.
Katrina Groves: Good. So next time. I mean, if it happens, you just go to the clinic as a walk in. If you have swollen, it can go up into the back of your head into your brain. We don't want that to happen. So at least get antibiotics as quick as you can for any real bad swelling.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And I don't know what as far as dental and Crescent City. I don't know what you're going to do. Oh, did you get different insurance, then, did you get Covered California you still on partnership or what's your status.
Katrina Groves: Or ownership. Okay, I thought for a time there was a the insurance glitch. So you're back on partnership you don't make too much money.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, no good.
Katrina Groves: All right, back to your throat. Any trouble swallowing or hoarseness in your voice.
Katrina Groves: No nosebleeds or drainage.
Bryan Collard: You know,
Katrina Groves: Neck pain, stiffness or problems with your neck know any lumps, like a
Katrina Groves: Lymph nodes or thyroid gland enlargement, no.
No.
Katrina Groves: And with the smoking. Do you have a cough all the time.
Bryan Collard: No, not all the time.
Katrina Groves: Any thing.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, sometimes.
Katrina Groves: You have a puffer
Katrina Groves: Know, you may ask, if you know your doctor cater when you see or next
Katrina Groves: Especially winter weather. If you have any even smoking a long time. So you may have some COPD. Did I lose you, your picture froze.
Katrina Groves: Did I lose you there.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, a little bit so
Katrina Groves: What was I saying oh so emphysema, you may need a an inhaler for the winter months. If you feel Wheezy.
Katrina Groves: So any with your heart. Any chest pains or pressure
Bryan Collard: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about heart palpitations, you get really mad or anxious. Does your heartbeat fast.
Bryan Collard: Some gems. Yeah, when I get really anxious
Katrina Groves: Like a panic attack.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, how often do those happen.
Bryan Collard: Not too often, knowing that they do happen sometimes. But
Katrina Groves: Like once a month or
Bryan Collard: Maybe something like that.
Katrina Groves: And then what do you do for those
Bryan Collard: Honestly,
Bryan Collard: Yeah medicate.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, with what alcohol.
Katrina Groves: So there's other medicines that Dr. Peter can give you to try to stop panic attacks. Have you ever tried any of them.
Bryan Collard: Oh, no.
Katrina Groves: So there's like beta blockers, kind of like what you're already on for your blood pressure, you could take an extra one of those vitamin half and they can actually calm your heart rate down and take you out of an anxiety attack without having to drink.
Katrina Groves: Just an option to think about
Katrina Groves: Okay, where was I am any swelling in your legs or varicose veins know
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with your skin change in your nails dry skin itchy skin moles
Bryan Collard: Oh,
Bryan Collard: No.
Katrina Groves: Any loss of hair or
Katrina Groves: Sometimes people get thyroid problems, they lose their hair and big patches.
Bryan Collard: Oh, nothing, nothing out of the ordinary. Okay, just that.
Katrina Groves: Aging hairline. Right.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, unfortunately.
Katrina Groves: And how about stomach abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhea,
Katrina Groves: No, nausea, vomiting,
No.
Katrina Groves: Ever have blood in your stool.
Bryan Collard: No.
Or black
Katrina Groves: Okay, watch for that because if you drink, and do you take the IV, you said you take some kind of anti inflammatory. Oh, you're back on Tylenol.
Bryan Collard: Just a minute.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That's probably better on your liver, but
Katrina Groves: Also
Katrina Groves: Huh.
Bryan Collard: Oh no, I don't take that every day, either. Good.
Katrina Groves: So then back to your urine problem. You said you were having trouble with the urine stream and is it like you can't get it started, or it starts fine it just dribbles and takes forever.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And do you know anything about your family history of prostate like was a prostate cancer in the family.
Bryan Collard: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: I mean you most likely just have enlarged prostate at your 40 so
Katrina Groves: Bit young
Katrina Groves: Also medications can do that too. Like Suboxone might be keeping your urine stream down. What's your sexual function on this box on have you noticed problems with it.
Katrina Groves: Not being able to have sex, not been able to get a reaction.
Bryan Collard: It's kind of a personal way. My wife, my wife doesn't even have sex with me.
Bryan Collard: I will
Bryan Collard: Get her you
Bryan Collard: So I wish you would with and I don't think I have a problem.
Katrina Groves: So you're going outside the marriage. I mean, this is confidential. Nobody's known about this.
Bryan Collard: Wow, that's
Katrina Groves: Good for you.
Bryan Collard: I'm not
Bryan Collard: Yeah, it's frustrating but no I have not been doing that.
Katrina Groves: Do you think that the relationship. I mean, it used to be good, right, you guys used to have a good, healthy sex drive sex relationship.
Katrina Groves: Something you're trying to work on maybe with her just
Katrina Groves: I wonder what her motivation is for not wanting to be close to you.
Bryan Collard: I don't know. I wish I do
Katrina Groves: She hasn't talked about it. You haven't sat down, talk about it.
Bryan Collard: She, she pushes me away so much
Bryan Collard: She just changes the subject or raises or the the tone of her voice will start to go high, and I can feel an argument coming
Katrina Groves: Right.
Bryan Collard: The next thing I know, we're arguing and she's, she's turned a corner, you know, we're arguing about something else. And I'm like,
Bryan Collard: Ever
Yeah.
Bryan Collard: It's like impossible to try to talk to her about something is bothering me.
Bryan Collard: Unless it's bothering her to directly
Bryan Collard: She doesn't want to deal with it.
Yeah, that's hard.
Katrina Groves: marital counseling does help. I just don't know if you both would be able to to do that.
Katrina Groves: Alright so Matt back to musculoskeletal. Do you have any
Katrina Groves: tender spots, muscle pain, weakness, any place in your body.
Bryan Collard: No.
Katrina Groves: You just work construction all day and you're Superman and nothing bothers you.
Bryan Collard: Or bothers me sometimes. Okay.
Katrina Groves: But you're getting through it and that's good because pain is a trigger for using
Katrina Groves: neurologically you don't have any seizures vertigo numbness tremors of anything.
Katrina Groves: Headache
Katrina Groves: No, headaches, no easy bruising or anemia.
No.
Katrina Groves: And then mood mood changes.
Katrina Groves: Have you had any, you know, ups and downs with your moods like bipolar.
Bryan Collard: Actually like yesterday I woke up feeling really really blue
Bryan Collard: Bar just never out of it.
Katrina Groves: Hmm.
Katrina Groves: So do you think thats related to not working.
Bryan Collard: I think maybe part of it, but as very small part of it.
Bryan Collard: Were related to my faith.
Katrina Groves: About what
Is
Bryan Collard: I know I feel like I need to get closer to God.
Bryan Collard: I know he can heal me
Katrina Groves: How about, have you thought about doing that. What would be a step that you can take to get closer.
Bryan Collard: Go to church.
Katrina Groves: Do you have one that you like.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, but it's hard to go. I don't know why it's so hard for me to go
Katrina Groves: Different feel like you're embarrassed or ashamed. Like, I shouldn't be there.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Even though you know that God is like non judging and wants to heal and has taken all kinds of people that have drug problems and all the sins and everything. I mean,
Katrina Groves: It sounds like it might help you
Katrina Groves: Losing that priest, I think as your father figure was huge, right.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So I'm wondering if part of this is because
Katrina Groves: You get afraid of my and if I get connected to another priest, are they going to leave me, are they going to die or they're not going to. So it's probably more than just
Katrina Groves: The fear of the shame and stuff. It sounds more like maybe fear of connecting with something that you might lose as that sound.
Bryan Collard: I don't know, just like
Bryan Collard: I've been
Bryan Collard: I was going to that church and I was clean and I wasn't even smoking cigarettes. I was
Bryan Collard: I was actually like serving God, you know,
Bryan Collard: And then I go back in there. And now I smell like smoke.
Bryan Collard: And I drink at night and I just feel like a
Bryan Collard: Small town.
Bryan Collard: I just feel like all bunch of eyes are on me.
Bryan Collard: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Do you think eyes are really on you or you just feel like you're, you know, you're not being as pure as you could be maybe eyes are on yourself.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Would a different church help or do you want to, you know, I think that would be really important for you because I hear I hear the depression I hear the anxiety. I mean, you, you got you got some stable clean time under your belt.
Katrina Groves: But also I know that between two and four years is when you've had relapses in the past and maybe the stuff that's coming up in your heart. If you and your soul and your faith.
Katrina Groves: To connect with that might help you avoid that for your relapse, you know,
Katrina Groves: Do you think a different church would be better to try, or like Papa John's. I heard his is really good, or
Katrina Groves: Like where you're nobody knows you, or what do you what kind of steps, could you take because tomorrow Sunday. I'd like to give you homework.
Katrina Groves: You're not work, and he got no excuses.
Katrina Groves: Go in and you know God on your side can really help.
Bryan Collard: Hello.
Katrina Groves: I lost. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: You bet. So, so what do you think about tomorrow, what, what could you do tomorrow to just go and lay bare your soul and say, hey, I've been. I've been missing you, I need to come back, please help me. That's all you gotta do.
Yeah.
Bryan Collard: definitely got me thinking.
Katrina Groves: That's good. See you there. Yeah, that's good. I want you to think
Katrina Groves: Sorry about the connection.
Are you back.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so God connection. That sounds pretty important to you. I would encourage you to do that.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: When your last box on, I gotta get my schedule here, we figured out your last box on prescription was on the 10th. Was that right
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: 10th of January.
Katrina Groves: So you will be out 123
Katrina Groves: That was a Friday.
Katrina Groves: Or you're going to be out this coming week. Is that right,
Bryan Collard: Yeah, something like that.
Katrina Groves: Probably the 10th. So can you join our group on the third I'm trying to make it so that I will get you prescriptions. When I see you in the group on bright heart.
Katrina Groves: So, are you able to join the group on the third which is 545 to 645
Bryan Collard: On Monday.
Katrina Groves: Uh huh. Yeah, okay. I will put you down, Brian.
Katrina Groves: And there'll be just people from group. I mean, you don't you don't still go to group a lot right you don't have time.
Though
Katrina Groves: There may be some people, you remember from group Christina be Jillian Kathy.
Katrina Groves: But it's, it's only
Katrina Groves: It'll be like this. But there'll be other
Katrina Groves: People, you'll see people up on the screen up there, plus the counselor and then at the end of that or at the beginning, I want to make sure to get your prescription filled for a month.
Katrina Groves: And I
Katrina Groves: Think that's about it.
Katrina Groves: Have you did. I asked you about suicidal thoughts with your depression. Are you feeling like you want it. Okay, good.
Katrina Groves: Good. Have you gotten any
Katrina Groves: Urine P cup from bright heart yet mailed to you.
Katrina Groves: Know, so they eventually will do that. You might even have to ask for him, but they'll mail it to your house and it's in a closed package.
Katrina Groves: When you get it, you just call him up when it's convenient for you and say, Hey, I gotta pee test and they will help you
Katrina Groves: Go through it. You basically go to the bathroom without your phone, you come back you show them the P and you kind of read it together and and they say, Hey, it looks like you're using some marijuana. Yeah, you know, just, it's not a punitive thing. It's more like
Katrina Groves: An accountability thing and to help you stay clean and sober. I don't think they check for alcohol. I don't know. But that's important to talk about
Katrina Groves: So the labs are going to get it done or the urine. They're going to want you to get probably before group.
Katrina Groves: You're going to talk to Dr Keeter about your prostate, a little bit more
Katrina Groves: Are you still working on your cars. I remember you're good at fixing cars like as a hobby or was that just something you do
Bryan Collard: Yeah, I just don't mind if I have to.
Katrina Groves: So what are your goals like what, what do you see yourself in this next year. What kind of goals do you have for yourself.
Bryan Collard: Evan said Jim and he goes, I want, I want to save some money and buy my wife a car.
Bryan Collard: She wrecked the car that we just bought. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So why do you think she is another one.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, he's got to get to work.
Bryan Collard: Where she working. He's working at the Dollar Tree.
Katrina Groves: How far is that from where you live.
Bryan Collard: So few miles.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Bryan Collard: We're live at the end of Pebble Beach and that's in town. So yeah, we do it for miles.
Katrina Groves: Nothing she can walk them.
Bryan Collard: No, no, no.
Katrina Groves: No bus.
Bryan Collard: There was no bus, it comes out here.
Katrina Groves: You're on the river on the ocean and close to the ocean.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, we're one block in the ocean.
Katrina Groves: Do you use that as a way of coping skill, like when you're stressed out, David, go and stand and look at the ocean.
Yeah.
Bryan Collard: Yeah, we sometimes when we argue I I'll leave and I'll go to the beach.
That's great.
Katrina Groves: And I hope you're, you're going to buy like a just a used car not going for these giant $20,000 hybrid things
Though good
Katrina Groves: All right.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so, and I don't hear goals for yourself, though, you said you want to buy your wife a car.
Katrina Groves: Maybe I hear one goal, maybe trying to get back into your faith. Would that be reasonable or
Bryan Collard: Yeah. OK.
Katrina Groves: And keep on staying clean
Bryan Collard: Yeah, definitely.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any questions for me that have come up while we've been talking because our time is about up
Bryan Collard: Know,
Bryan Collard: Have you been
Katrina Groves: Kind of stressed, you know, my dad is actually with my sister right now. So that's helpful.
Katrina Groves: We're kind of doing six months with him. Six months with her in six months with me so that allows me time to get this other job up and running and
Katrina Groves: Bright heart has all different systems. So going back and forth, California, Oregon, don't see my husband, but every other week kind of nuts, but
Katrina Groves: You know, let's choose what we're choosing to do so.
Katrina Groves: I'm just happy that I am connecting with you guys again and having you
Katrina Groves: Transition over here. I know it's stressful anxiety provoking to change, but I'm this way it helps you guys keep your medication. I feel good about that.
Bryan Collard: I'm glad you're here too.
Bryan Collard: Good a wonder I'm glad you chose this is
Bryan Collard: I can't see. I don't want, I don't want, I didn't want another doctor
Katrina Groves: That's nice. Yeah, I don't want other patients.
Bryan Collard: And I love you.
Bryan Collard: Know like you're an awesome. Doctor, thank you actually care and that's a rarity these days.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, I love what I do. So this will be my retirement thing I can do this anywhere if I'm all crippled up I could still do this when I'm 90. You know, I don't have to be in the office.
Bryan Collard: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, that's kind of my goal.
Katrina Groves: But yeah, you guys are you guys are my heroes, because I've never done anything as hard as what you guys are doing which is recovery and I want you to remember that every day because you have
Katrina Groves: You have a genetic disorder in your brain, it's a disease that's constantly on you, and most people can't make it this far. So you
Katrina Groves: You've got that drive. And I think that you should be really proud of yourself the way you've been
Katrina Groves: Been doing with all your stressors, so keep it going.
Bryan Collard: Thanks, welcome.
Katrina Groves: And I will see you on Monday at 545 or 530 ish
Katrina Groves: And we'll go from there.
Bryan Collard: Okay.
Katrina Groves: You have a good weekend. And hey, go, I want to ask you homework, go to church. Tell me about it.
Katrina Groves: On Monday.
Katrina Groves: Okay, okay.
Bryan Collard: All right.
Katrina Groves: You can go ahead and hang up and I'll see you then.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright so that was Brian color, date of birth, 1128 79 obviously he's been here. He started with the clinic in December 2017 but he was clean. So let's make his queen date July.
Katrina Groves: Third 2017
Katrina Groves: Which makes him a little bit over
Katrina Groves: Coming up on three years.
Katrina Groves: Issues. I did not cover. Did I cover allergies.
Katrina Groves: naproxen just upset stomach.
Katrina Groves: But that's been can put that there. It's more like an intolerance. I think I got medication and doses there. We're not having to take the Gabba Penton
Katrina Groves: So on exam of the same as before. If you can cut and paste that from the last patient if not
Katrina Groves: I'll just say it again.
Katrina Groves: Casually dressed normal appearance cooperative good eye contact.
Katrina Groves: cooperative behavior.
Katrina Groves: At AMP T exam H medic know most of phallic people's neither dilated and our pin the abnormal hearing
Katrina Groves: restorations have no audible wheezing shortness of breath normal rate and volume skin without jaundice know track marks musculoskeletal moves all extremities that hesitation or obvious pain neurological grossly normal and coordinated movements non focal
Katrina Groves: Is being psychiatric impressions or mental status exam.
Katrina Groves: No suicide risk levels of stresses moderate
Katrina Groves: Did relationships and job being laid off, I'd say moderate to severe as well as family member.
Katrina Groves: family issues with his kids. He was learning alert and oriented times three, he's able to bathe feed and dress independently.
Katrina Groves: ADL cognitive abilities normal concentration and attention, no sign of any shorter long term memory loss. He had
Katrina Groves: No tremor FIDGETING OR psycho motor agitation, but did seem to have his mood was rather blunted
Katrina Groves: Or should I say
Katrina Groves: Restricted aspect.
Katrina Groves: Mood is depressed and slightly anxious
Katrina Groves: Did not show full expression of feelings.
Katrina Groves: And he did appear well groomed and stated is a start.
Katrina Groves: Appeared
Katrina Groves: As his state of age normal body habitus perhaps a bit of weight gain, since I'm seeing him last his speech was because of the zoom recording it was hard to tell but rate volume and coherence seemed normal thought processes seemed linear and logical
Katrina Groves: Normal content non tangential
Katrina Groves: No auditory visual hallucinations or delusions were noted during the visit.
Katrina Groves: Insight judgment and self reflection intact but difficult to tell what he's feeling as he does not have a lot of trust and
Katrina Groves: does not like to talk about
Katrina Groves: himself or his personal issues.
Katrina Groves: Other diagnosis, as you've got with hypertension.
Katrina Groves: implantable devices, none. We did his family social history, you get a full review systems at least 10 points 12345678 yeah I did way more than I needed.
Katrina Groves: So diagnosis is F 11.21 opioid dependence in remission.
Katrina Groves: And number two is anxiety and occasional panic attacks.
Katrina Groves: I have the numbers.
Katrina Groves: The ICD 10 codes for those
Katrina Groves: Anxiety is F 41.9
Katrina Groves: Also
Katrina Groves: Dysfunctional alcohol uses F 10.10
Katrina Groves: Some Post Traumatic Stress Disorder 43.10 from past abandonment and family issues.
Katrina Groves: History of methamphetamine abuse in remission.
Katrina Groves: So under the plan.
Katrina Groves: Recommended he follow up with this premier care doctor, Dr. Peter
Katrina Groves: To talk about his
Katrina Groves: Process possible BPH prostate disorder.
Katrina Groves: Discussed going back to his faith.
Katrina Groves: As one of his
Katrina Groves: Goals.
Katrina Groves: Oh, insomnia is another
Katrina Groves: Problem to put under his problem list. He
Katrina Groves: Is advised to cut down the alcohol, especially with benzodiazepines. This is very high risk for respiratory depression.
Katrina Groves: He will follow up with me on Monday, the
Katrina Groves: Third of February for group at 545 with Rebecca Evans, as the therapist.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: Sounds like he might need his refill.
That week
Katrina Groves: Again risks of alcohol and benzodiazepines, as well as Suboxone are quite high and would encourage him to taper down
Katrina Groves: Slowly
Katrina Groves: And probably on the alcohol. First, consider
Katrina Groves: Or an abuse.
Or a future session.
Katrina Groves: Depression, as part of his diagnosis to be their
Katrina Groves: Depression, anxiety and panic.
Katrina Groves: Alright. So that seems like it. I've done my three dictation. Thank you for all your attention and
Katrina Groves: Hoping I'm making these HMP a little easier to transcribe and I appreciate any feedback. Again, thanks, bye bye you guys all have a good day.